 Shift 1 2 3, mecahin 3 gelas, strees mslh kuliah... Huuh hari yang melelahkan, mengecewakan, membuat emosi..     
 RT : 
  oh i got no phonecall    
 Shiol la g baling tabung kepale ultraman kau tu kt aku. 
  remember what we were talking about last weekend its happening   DO YOU KNOW?!
 Omfg my niece needs to shut up. Vegas is not California!!. 
 Confused.. What's an #999 emergency these days I fully support our  but today I'm feeling frustrated  
 In one of them weird moods and i don't know why. 😤     
 all i do is try and do rite but alot of nigga changed up they talk that im ride  but you no i been  [newLine] .
 When people just ignore your text&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] Just say no! 
 It's to early to be this  but not letting it ruin my day. Hopefully I get to see a certain someone today :-)
 My dog as been howling since 8am &amp; won't stop, like do you want to get shot or something  
  you got a better/cooler Níall following you though!  
 Crying kids &lt; 
   Won't be at training tonight Doctor said I can't play for at least another week 
 I had to delete iTunes and then reinstall it.. hopefully it isn't completely screwed up. 
 Oh my fuck. Literally nothing is more annoying than people chomping on their gum right next you.[newLine]   
 Ok 10 minutes I get it but when I have to wait 30  
 RT : All I want to do is talk to my girlfriend!!  
 “: ”
 after this week, im disconnecting from society  
 Tired of feeling like I'm the only one trying.. 
 Dr's are never on time! At least mine isn't  
 I have had it with my speech teacher.✋ It is so hard to please that rude woman. 😡 
 Death in hidden camera     incamera   
 I'm about to shoot the construction worker outside my window  
 I have the worst crick in my neck 
 I am 
 Just spent 10 minutes making a snapchat masterpiece and my phone went crazy and lost it before I could send it!!  
 If you want me to start ignoring you, get a job with Sheffield United! !!!!!
 Wish I could disappear for awhile 
  witch one do I get?   
 you're so conceited. 
 Seriously gonna explode 
 Me out to kill da likkle girl here [newLine] 
 annoyed[newLine] interesting that people like to pick at what's "wrong" with my life, but they cant even see what's in front of them. 
 everytime I actually come to school I have a supply for photography 
 Why cant you just accept the fact that youre wrong?  😒
  to the douchebag sitting next to me in lecture today. You're not funny... at all.  
 Isn't an oil change supposed to take 20 min??  
 frustrated[newLine] RT : Like don't text me just to send me depressing shit.   
  well regardless......I think you understand what is going on behind the scenes so if you are , there is a !!!
  my professor says that too, he also says "things of that nature" excessively and it makes me 
 I JUST WANT TO FUCKEN FIND AN LSD DREAM SIMULATOR ROM  
 Do you have trouble controlling your ?     
  no calling the cops on me today ok?   
  well just stuck in a fuckin' shit long traffic jam 
 I thought it was suppose it be spring 
 Going somewhere with my Granddad &amp; phone on 9% eh 
 There is no joy in being a girl    
 I swear, am I ever gunna find this damn tank top! ! 
 I DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS IS SO COMPLICATED! IT'S REALLY NOT THAT HARD!  
 Why has it taken 6 hours and still going to put in a new bath. I need a wee   
 Wanted to todo in our school play wizard of oz but nooooooo they have to get a fake dog 
 RT : I didn't THINK I was that bad of  a person, but clearly I am, so. 
 There's this weird kid in my physics class... 
 Not being able to go out at night  
 , why won't you let me upload blog images?! what are all these error messages? 
 Bitches be all wet over kellin quinn [newLine] When he's like 4 years old-_-  
 my emotions are way to involved for me to have a conversation with people right now.  
 These arguements are getting old ass fuk! 
 RT : Photo:  .       ... 
 Looks like the Pens are sending me to Wilkes Barre with Iginla in town. 
 Y is everyone so annoying today? 
 Did a nice scatch and now I just can't do it again!  
 Hate it when you're slaughtering someone but haven't scored an the other team sweaty it  
 Nice to hear  Council have made the  redundant on the#A663 won't be long before more are killed on it 
 I feel like I wasted 2 years in a major that I don't even enjoy. 
 The fact that mrs. Hatler just told me I can take my test tomorrow and now won't let me leave for the game because of my test &lt;&lt;  😡😤
 Im done 
 I don't know why people think that they have to stare. I mean damn..[newLine] Dear  we get it, the heat finally lost. But please stop talking about all day!! Its over now! -.- 
 kick ass 2 looks shit 
 Wow there's so much I could be getting done today rather than sitting in easy ass classes we don't do shit in 
 RT : Is there any need to lie at all? 
  I couldn't do the marathon    
  cause you have your account on private gal! 
 It's really annoying that pretty much every time I go to the toilet there is a lump of about 5 tissues because no one ever flushes! 
 now we're in some serious need of  this weekend.    
 RT : So apparently it's ok close hospitals which are helping people to save money &amp; then give some dumb bitch a free boob ...
 Work is cutting into my twitter time! 
 Why am I still here? 
 If you don't know by now you have issues 
 Dude get a Kleenex!!!!  
 First time in 5 years that work has messed up my pay! !
 “: Wow there's so much I could be getting done today rather than sitting in easy ass classes we don't do shit in ”
 We are in HIGH SCHOOL. It's time to start wearing deodorant  
 Really!? 
 RT : of course I turn on finding nemo right after the shark eats coral 
  i dont know......im kinda upset.... - they wont train me anywhere - they said they are cutting OT - and now my hrs 
 Today is such a bad day  
 I hate when people have candy in their mouth and they are moving it around and you can hear that nasty spit noise.  
 It's one of those days where I wish my hair was long so I can put it in a pony tail so it's not in the way.... 
 If I have to hear about how you're going to miss your yearly vacation one more time, I'm going to fucking scream! 
 Nothing in the world pisses me off more than people that have the backpacks with wheels... CARRY YOUR BACKPACK! 
 so over this 
 I'm sick and tired of sport center only talking about the heat  so I guess ill just watch Maury
 RT : Why am I still here? 
  hahaha 
 You my friend have a very annoying laugh  
 I don't know how much more of Facebook and people's equality posts I can take!!   
 I feel another 2 am run coming on 
 She only texts me when she wants something, so I guess I'll never get a reply 
 14-seed Harvard lives the  dream - “We knew they were going to be tough,”... 
 I hate this bitch ass phone! Eh 
 Aaaaaaaaand yet again there is a damned train in Sutherland   
 Psychology sucks, I never know what the heck is going on. 
 Should have known, Glad I learned early on  
 RT : RT :  เป๊ะมากกก :D elory bird  //55555
 kosz, hogy egyik oldalon rovidebb, a masik oldalon meg hosszabb lett a hajam 
 Yelling at my computer for being retarded... It never works right!  
 Figures the game would be canceled. 😡  
 Trying to explain to my mum the difference between fancie and fit and she just can't understand! 
  thanks for appreciating the fact that it was good WITHOUT me who would have made things 100% better   
 That test was definitely a mood killer to my day.   
    bird 
 I'm going to end up punching ms. Sapp in the face! 
 Having a in depth conversation with a lesbian has left me speech less  
   fml I wrote you a great letter of recommendation too! 
 Breaking your belongings out of anger is never a good idea. I do it far too frequently. 
 I'm getting sick of ESPN SPORTSCENTER talking about the Miami Heat.  
 "I used to think gettin pregnant was a simple formula...mate then procreate. 5Yrs later &amp;...its not that simple" 
 Thats life    
 I've spent two hours with cooper and I'm already ready to make him sit in his room by himself all day 
 Our housemate has gone in and out of the house about ten fucking times in the last hour. She slams the door every time 
 RT : “: معقولة لعبة  Birds الطير الي فيها طلع حقيقي 😐✌ ”
 Getting hot sauce in my eye was really the highlight of a perfect day.  
 But I cant swim for a week. 
 I'm going to end up regretting this whole thing, I know it. 
 This shit is getting old. 
 I have so many OCD tendencies and I fucking hate it 
 Eh 
 I can count on my fingers the emails received from people who did not ask me to buy, join or ''like'' anything. meow.
  I need power now.  You received my deposit, we scheduled service today. Make it happen today not Tuesday. 
 RT : This girl and her attitude &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] [newLine]     
 RT : Looks like the Pens are sending me to Wilkes Barre with Iginla in town. 
 Whose bright idea was it to power wash the outside of the library on a weekday while people are trying to study inside? 
 !
 Don't teach your political bias as fact 
 They denied a young girl her cancer treatment, yet give this girl a free BOOB JOB?  
 It's not all about u anymore and no it's not all about me but get over yourself 
 Have to wait another week to get paid! 
 ": thinking of new presents...sigh[newLine] gold digger problems? i think not " LMAO!!!!!
 People in our school are ugly as shit   
 bleeding steo outfit came, and the postie never pressed the buzzer. lt has gone back to depot, which is shut tomorrow &amp;SAD
 Childish... just plain childish 
 The situation is so frustrating.. 
 Restored my iPod.....copying 3730 songs, it on 300 
 Those people who never shut up😒&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] I hate Thursdays...[newLine] Dear chirping bird outside my window, please shut up so I can sleep, you woke me up at five and have kept me up. 
 RT :  !!! Just because you get a second chance doesn't mean you have the right to mess up &amp; ask for a third.
 Guys can be so damn stupid sometimes 
 my camera is so useless :(  photographer
 I dont understand why everything seems to go wrong at the same time   .  🙏😡😥
 fucking hate this ninja turtle fuck   
 I am so livid I could vomit right now. You do not deserve to have the title of a professor.   
 Things get out so damn fast 
  Singed My Eyelashes :'( 
 Dammit I just realized... I can't sleep in tomorrow D: RAAAAAAA   
 Having my boyfriend in Keene but not being able to see him because of class &lt;&lt;&lt;  
 RT : ! How the  Protection Act snuck into law 
  you've always got ur left hand 
 I've never hated a class so much😡😡 
 Stupid vending machines ate my money 
 RT : Done RT : “: Be outraged ... ”  I am !
 Not this again.............. 
 When people read my kik's but don't kik back &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; .
 Some cabbie just beeped at me nearly got out the car and started shouting abuse at the man. 
 This sucks!!! 
 I just want to pull all of my hair out. Grrrr 
 Fairmont , fix your wifi. I have shit to do! 
 I really don't like you right now. 
 There is no need to scream the lecture at us!! 
 RT : They denied a young girl her cancer treatment, yet give this girl a free BOOB JOB?  
 If it was legal I would shoot you 
 I'm trying to listen to my music but you won't shut up!!! 
 I can't believe she left our room in such a state, now I have to clean up after her fffffffsss 
 How the Monsanto Protection Act snuck into law--  via    
 Taking a Facebook hiatus for a couple of days. Tired of seeing so much political crap. Don't take it to the social media. 
 We just wasted this hour doing the stuff on our exam and nothing about the new  shit.  
 I just need to go back to bed 
 I hate those days where I can't get my voice to do a single thing I need or want it to do. 
 when i see my dad i'm probably going to cry because i'm gonna be so pissed off to see him. 
 I keep losing every effing time! -.-"   
 I'm sure those tickets you two are talking about are a lot more important than me talking to someone about ann appointment 
 When you start realizing who your actual true friends are  # 
 RT : Oomfs pisses me off sometimes. 
 RT :        #♥
 RT : .
 She thinks it's funny😒 [newLine]   . 
  I said I'm jumping all over that bag wagon! I'm ready for a 
 RT : Can I go get my license already?😒 
 cuddles anyone? #and#furious#boxset#lush#need#cuddles#in#bed#with#energydrink 
  : People who judge without expertise and grant themselves the power to decide the fate of others based on that. 
 All the chemistry classes are full... thank you western for making me waiting a semester to apply for dietetics... 
 Keep calm and fuck yourself 
 Fine ill quite my job maybe that will make you happier!!   
 i can't even sleep peacefully here   &gt;:o
 Of course you don't know what's going on, you never come to class, do your homework, or practice. 
 RT : This is exactly why I don't make plans w people.. 😒 
 Immature teenagers at the doctor's office.   
 when mom says she's gonna be 5 minutes she actually means an hour 
  the 12 seeded Ducks  
 You didnt even come here too see me, so its whatever. 
 The lunch lady didn't let me get PB &amp; J 
 That wasn't a good way to start the day 
 yes it's boring &amp; sometimes even hypocritical &amp; tokenistic. but degradation of another human being is just that. it's never ever cool 
 I need a costa hot chocolate right about now 😢  
 Not a great morning  
  im gonna pop some tags, only got $20 in my pocket 
 RT : I can't get you off my mind. 
 RT : Wow okay!😁 
  !!! Just because you get a second chance doesn't mean you have the right to mess up &amp; ask for a third.
 Of course this kid would go ask the office for a teacher 
 I'd really love to be able to breathe out of my nose again.  
 Losing my job and my boyfriend on Saturday. Gonna be the shittiest day ever.  
 Stop posting mom shit your only 11weeks pregnant you dont know what its like yet#annoyed,
 everybody under 18 is gunna get unfollwed except the ones i know cause ya too annoying !
 I wish I could breath properly ... 
 Cuse Indiana tonight the biggest game the best game and in my opinion 
 Having an annoying niece that comes every friday and forces you to spell words like "can, play, we, fun, friends" 
 BECAUSE OF 1 STUPID TOOTH I CANT GET MY BRACES OFF! ADJWPFJHKDK!!  
 Waited in all day and the package ain't arrived    😡😡😡
 The library is where I go to study and do homework. I dknt want to hear your annoying ass laugh.  
 this black girl better quit her shit before she catches a fade 
 I feel like punching something/someone 😒 
 Id much rather have a stuffy nose than an itchy one. 
 No time for anyone right now. 
 Cant stand some of these bitches#irritated
 The longer I have this phone, the harder it is to text on it. 
 In at the point where I'm going to walk out of this math class  
 Anyone know why the rouge is closed?      
 Gahhhh. 
   :)
 I believe in love + love [newLine] Class hasn't even started and I already want this chick to shut up!!! 
 Everyone is getting on my damn nerves today!😡 
 Maybe not seeing each other most of spring break will help us. [newLine] I don't think I have ever met any people who were as obnoxious as these people who come to Pogue on Tuesday and Thursdays. 
 Bitch Just Asked How Do You Spell Please.  
 Get me the fuck out of work 
 So this craziness never ends .I cant believe this is all going on:(   
 Tell me how every washer and drier is taken when there is no one here!! 
 WSD not going to Chicago anymore?! 
 Screw the nap I guess.   
 If you don't know how to drive get off the road  
 RT : I hate this bus, people really need to learn how to grow the fuck up! You are juniors not 2nd graders! 
 The moment you see the person you dislike like no others face pop up on your TL &lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] - i slept twoo class periods and none of them dumb fucks woke me up . . .   Most def. Is
 I just wanna do surgery on my finger myself. 
            #-_- 
 You're about to get an unfollow 
  I can't follow you 
 I love when people don't answer my text messages. 
 People that walk to slow.   
 It's pretty hard to do a group project when the other three people in my group hate each other  😡
 When someone disappoints you so much that you don't quite know what to say.  
  i know. especially since when i called the office, they directed me to HER. not this other guy. 
 You screwed up, you fix it!!!   
   Youngjae boo... ?
  jealous. was told i'd know something monday, i've heard NOTHING.   !
 Wish I was on my way to San Fran right now, but I'm not. 
 I bet you've broken every promise to me  
 So I forgot my headphones and nowwww I'm Bored and tired .... 
 Somebody needs attention..  
 Feels like i have 1000 papers infront of me. 
 pointless days at school.........should've stayed home 
 I hate my 2nd job expecally when I get tricked into working at another store on my first day off In over a month 😡
 Hang on a minute why have I lost 10 followers today ...  ?? 
  this makes me sad, you were like an idol to me. Thought we had a connection?    
 Así pasa....     
 My mums Boyf or what ever we call him laughed when I said about evolution lucky I wasn't holding my hot cup of tea in my hand 
 when your doing something important and your concentration goes 
 Taking a DEEP gonna start everything fresh Monday b4 I drive myself crazy 
 It's Like People Want To Annoy Me Today...   
 Seriously? Clearing this up: Yes, I shaved my head. No, I'm not a nazi. Nor do I hate Jews or gays or what have you. I just swim! 
 at least say good bye or talk to you later 
 ザぼんち   #&amp;amp;amp; 
 Im jealous that my sister is going to the LaSalle game    
 I wish I could lie in bed all day and do nothing...    
 RT : Tell me how every washer and drier is taken when there is no one here!! 
 Whoever is marching upstairs needs to stop before I go up there and break their knees!  😡👊
 This day was going so great and then I realized I don't have my clicker 
 Why would someone lie about having cancer?! That's incredibly terrible. Please just disappear from earth. 
 RT : No time for anyone right now. 
 leave me alone  
 RT : Ugh. I think today's not gonna be my day. 
  i have them winning by 6 because of the zone the cuse plays. 
 Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. 
 Getting an A in this class seems impossible at this point 
 Kinda feel like I'm wasting my time trying to work things out with you...
 RT : We are in HIGH SCHOOL. It's time to start wearing deodorant  
 Tell me how people can be sooo fuckin stupid lol  
   I can't believe you signed the GMO!!!  Did you even read it? Do you remember your campaign?  
 This is getting a tad emotionally exhausting  
 got locked out the house for 20 minutes  n_n
 Still fuming.  no car until I get a new one sorted 
 Sooooo since my game got cancelled I'm gonna stuff my face.  
 Little things that ruin your mood &lt; 
 RT : anybody from  at the game tonight tweet us your pics an we will retweet them!!   
 I feel bad I flipped on the same person like five times today. But I can't stand her and she needs to shut the fuck up.  
 What To Do When You Are Frustrated?     RT - 
 Yup this is my seat bitch! Haha t(-_-t)  you can't try to take over when I was here longer haha 
 RT : I WANT MY CROWN BACK DAMMIT.  😡👿👺
 Nyt kyl voi olla ylpee ! :o  art    
     
 An hour of my day wasted waiting for a lecturer who doesn't even show up to a meeting he arranged! 
 That's cool. My overpriced umbrella broke after 3 months of use. I think I've used it 5x.  
 I SO wanna punch this guy in his forehead!!!!!    
 Not excited for practice today.   
 Can't stand when people are on the phone while sitting in the Dr. Office.   … 
 Yesterday was so good and today I could just curl up in a ball and cry for days.   😔 
 what is the point if headphones if everyone in the room can still hear your shit music?!  
 It's amuses me how a group of adults can't make one small sacrifice for their own family members  
 People are pissing me off for somereason  today 
 WHY DOES ST JOE LOCK THEIR GATES 😡  
 Argh....I'm getting ready for work. 
 Need to get put of this house and take a break. 
  I had the same problem yesterday ..... Difference is I'm paying the bitch grrrrrr   
 从刚才到现在都卡在29不走![newLine] #phone#cant#play#laptop#also#cant#wtf#march#instaphoto#ootd 
 Just passed another anatomy exam!    
 I fucking hate school. Literally have zero interest in it. I've got other plans that don't require these shit classes 
 Apparently its a phenomenon for a girl to have REAL long,thick hair dese days..
 how's fuck you sound? I don't need you, when you gonna see that? 
 I'm beyond sick of people saying 'she's a ginger so....' Seriously it gets real old! Nobody is perfect!  
 I should've saw that coming a mile away. 
    bird 🍵🍵 وقت الشاهي 
 1 Word....  
 I have too much homework to do tonight -__- 
 Nobody cares about Greek Week unless you are in a frat or sorority.  
 this two needs to be a zero!   
 I still feel like I'm moving... 
 So tell me how do you expect to keep your job? 
 Why is my cat running around like a psycho.  
 Wording. Now you're just not listening and she got participation points for asking 
 If class is cancelled it would be nice to know  
 Thank you BSHS to completely screwing up my schedule for the month of April because I go to summit tech. 
 RT : geram gak a org yg maen game kt fb maen invite2 nih... 
 So i leave the house with a clear face and i get to the depot and i have a damn pimple on my face . -_____- 
 Syracuse over Indiana. 
 RT : I love being woke up.  
 Fucking hate mr bird he more than annoyed me today 
 Grow up this is high school not middle school 
 This is ridiculous. I just wish I could let go. 
 When the people in sitting in front of you and behind you are both shaking their legs and your desk is like an earthquake.... &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 This day needs to be over.   
 New router really needs to hurry up and arrive I can't deal with having no internet on my laptop 
 What a great start to my spring break...  
 The length of some girls is just unacceptable buy some tights 
 IF YOU ARE GOING TO SIT THERE AND TEXT THE WHOLE TIME, TURN OFF THE BUTTON SOUNDS FOR THE KEYBOARD. 
 I can't imagine a person of my age, 14, being arrested by the  for . This is something the public should be  about.
 today has been so anticlimactic    
 Someone bring me vodka.  
 If u come to this country learn goddam English     
 Fuck the nap I guess.   
 Great way to start today.. 
 I'm so tired of hurting and being sore! akfotidufjfncjdnrjfkdmfksodkfj  [newLine]  [newLine] Yeah she just need to get over you or just go marry her! Gosh you're going to end up married anyway! . ?
 Omg this man is literally coughing up his lungs while smoking a cig 
 “: ": Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. " you tell em” I will!
 RT : It's odd to say, but I would have rather went to school than sit at home on my couch all week 
 Feeling pissed off 
 My professor's favorite phrase is, "If you will..." 
 Why won't my twitter stop giving me all of  notifications   😳
 Hotboxin no cops around. This weekend we on that same shit.   We  nigga.  tinobackwards… 
 Big fucking shocker again! 
 I can't stand you actually  
 RT : Okay.. Quizlet ligt er nu al een aantal uur uit en ik wil graag dat de site het weer gaat doen!! 
 it just sounds like you dont fucking care. 
 RT : there should be a sign put up if there is wet paint so that peoples clothes dont get ruined   ...
 stressed[newLine] irritated[newLine] tired[newLine] oversensitive[newLine] jealous[newLine]    ..... Yesterday sucked.
 Ughh I've gone to my job twice this week and I still haven't gotten my schedule &gt;___&lt; 
 Just because you're an unambiguous, useless, stagnant turd of a being.. don't piss on the parade of others who dare to do better 
 Kinda mad the bruins should have picked up Iginla !  
 Fucking cold , &amp; the damn a/c on again.. [newLine]    
 I hate literally hate when I tell people a certain time &amp; there late 
 I hate walking behind people in this school!  
 I love driving all the way to school when my class ends up being cancelled 
 Really?!?! 
 When the heck is the new season of teen wolf  
 We treat you with respect at least do it back! 
 Aught I'm over it. Come on graduation lets get the hell out of here ! 
 My phone is so dumb. 😖 
 I don't think I'm gonna make it through the semester without back handing one of these Sophomores in my chem class. 
 Why is it so complicated just to get a simple car wash in this town 
 I'm sick of having to carry a stick everytime I run in my neighborhood cuz of the chow that lives around the corner!  
 I need to lose weight or somethinggg. [newLine] seriously don't want to get out of this bed 
 I officially hate my Spanish teacher! I've never hated anyone so much before in my life until now! 
 Waking up to a retarded hummingbird running into your window&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Woke up early to take an exam... And did not get my morning sportscenter 
 My TL sucks right now. What's with all these links to crap?! 
 Lab partners are so frustrating!  
 I hate honors students... Beezys took all my Gen. Ed's!  
  he puts us on the spot but when I put him he avoids  
 To the girl sitting next to me in class seriously stop picking your nail polish off and biting your nails.  
 Sorry to bitch, but what I saw today at Fernhill was abismal... [newLine] That place needs to be Anthraxed [newLine]  
 It never fails if I had to do it then why cant you, but I'm always made to seem like I'm selfish when I'm not... 
 I hate all la raza they play to damm much im glad I only see them 1 period !!! #annoyed
 Ook lekker dat ze ons nu zo'n kutroosters geven op t moment dat we nog moeten leren voor pww .
 This is simple math.. Addition and subtraction.. Why can't you do it!  
 RT : Today is one of those days 
 That annoying moment when you don't know to text someone first or not. 
  is that one red face for each letter 
 ": Shiol la g baling tabung kepale ultraman kau tu kt aku. " lek minmin pipi FLUFFY oii.. die kecik lg tu~ak lak yg cuak =_=
 why are you doing this to me all the shit we said&amp; did together i cant figure out what the hell is going on in ur head   
 I'd really like to find out how much coffee it takes to 1) keep me awake &amp; 2) make me jittery. I think both might be impossible. 
 Can you shut up. [newLine] 2 computers &amp; a phone &amp; we couldn't even get online to get  tickets then when we finally get through they say not on sale. 
 Don't text me and act like we are still friends after what you did.... People are dumb sometimes 
 Very upset to be denied an interview from a Prof 
 OMG people that can't mind there own business. Fucking just stay out of shit. Seriously. Smh    
  perdy sure I held ur hair last night too...thanks for remembering... 
 Miss Hernandez won't let me eat my raviolis.   
 I have a paper due in 30 mins and no way to print it... 
 Cant believe I forgot my earrings 
 RT : If you wonder why your always down &amp; out check your attitude.. Quit complaining, think positive 💁 
 Thank you to the idiot that almost backed up into me as I was going to park my car. Ever heard of backing up SLOWLY? 
 Some things are taken way to seriously!
 why am i even here, we are doing nothing. 
 This vaginal ultasound is trippy af. 
 RT : I hate how my aunt is trying to make all the decisions... uhhh I think they forgot that its MY baby so it should be  ...
 You're to loud, learn to shut up 
 I dont have enough patience for this anymore, gonna have to find something to occupy my time. Things are getting out of hand here. 
 i wish i could take back the moment that i washed my signed  shirt  
  yep well played by their GM sabres would never do anything smart like that  
 Like seriously no one should have to leave their own house because they're uncomfortable with your actions 
 Where can I get an iPhone charger? Jayden broke mine &amp; won't charge at all   
 You have got to be shitting me.  
 I WANT MY CROWN BACK DAMMIT.  😡👿👺
  what is going on with your website!??? I have been trying to book flights all day! 
 Poor jake ):    
 When Mr. White lies about homework assignments 
 I am not in the mood to deal with anyone's bullshit today 
 RT : Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. 
 RT : where's a best friend when you need one 😡😡
 Seriously the guys can figure out prom by themselves. Stop telling them who to ask. 
 These little kids are going to be the death of me😑😰 
  Thanks for the retweet guys....determined to do this.... 
 Why would you even want to referee yourself as bitch? You should have more respect for yourself -_-[newLine]  it annoys me what she does to humiliate him. Lol 
 I don't like the fact grown adults have to be told what to do!!!! @thesecoworkers
  Okies 
 RT : I feel like I'm always trying to make sure that everyone's happy, but at the end of the day who's there for me?  ...
 Tired of looking at all the throwback pics of my ex on fb that you upload all the time so...  
 Weird sound coming from my truck today...  ugh.  
 Kit kat break with    
 RT : I wish I could just pack up all my things and move far far away 
 Ig now we can stop talking about the heat every 5 min  . Just make LeBron his own channel already, I know you want to
 I hate it when girls pick on me and say i have no fucking fashion...I do... i just want to take a break from being pretty. 
 Next person that grabs my face or tries to touch and push me I will go the fuck off on you and I'm not even playing  😡👊
  ha ha that was that was meant as a compliment 
 Ugh got turned down for a Summer Camp teaching position. I just want a real job already :-/  
 Well today just started out freaking fantastic. Not. What else is going to go wrong  
 When people think they know everything but clearly don't &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 When something happens, that makes you realise who your true friends are..... 
 I hate getting pebbles in my shoe!! 
 Holy beeges my nose and ears. Sickness goo away 
 Frustrates me when people question me, don't. I'm good at what I do for a reason. 
 Work work work    
 I just love having to turn off my roommates alarm because he sleeps thorough it    
 the fact my mom is just leaving now and I'm suppose to be where I need to be at 11:30.. 
 Hate when people sit in their car for like 5 minutes after they are done putting gas in their car 
 #brush#fuck#shit#bitch#mad#angry#confused#sad#cried#red#crazy#hate#miss#kill#Indonesia#Asian#follo… 
 Of course it's bank holiday weekend the weekend I'm not going out. 
 why do I even bother😒  
 Hate when you do this 😞  
 I hope I haven't been hacked. 
 Don't know how much more I can take :(    
 Well, don't cha wish today never happened now?   
 Must have missed that train by 30 seconds. .
 My salad have bacon in it! WTF!!!! 
 I really love how my mom thinks it's completely okay to cancel plans I've had since January 
 This judgmental bitch on the bus called me a bitch...like tf?! Bitch don't even know me. Ain't got no right to judge me either. 
 RT : Nobody cares about Greek Week unless you are in a frat or sorority.  
 Yung 1 jelly left and you need to move two candies to do the deed, but you only have 1 move left  
 the texts i don't like getting 
 How much more selfish can you get if you're smoking while pregnant? 
 RT : Nothing would make me happier then some dusty team like Ottawa taking the Pens out in the first round  
 Hate being treated like a prisoner at work 😡need a new job!!!!!! [newLine] RT : I really don't like you right now. 
 If you're going to come to this country have respect for it. 😡 
 Having to bite my tongue at work today to not scream at the most stupid and inconsiderate of people. 
 RT :  you got a better/cooler Níall following you though!  
 Shut up ... Please 
 New dresses came. One id the wrong colour 
  haha oh ya  you should make sure you bring it today and fan yourself with the bills once in a while  
 “: People in our school are ugly as shit   ”
 When  messes with my twitter  
 RT : People in our school are ugly as shit   
 I seriously hate when ppl ask me if I'm busy and still ask me to something. What's the f'n point in asking me if I was busy??? 
 RT : Des is the new  ?!?!?! 
 y después dicen que no me enoje!  elevada a la mil potencia!!
 Developing a whole roll of film just to realize I did it wrong is probably the most upsetting thing. 
 RT : Its annoying when people talk about going to get drunk, smoke weed, or even go on &amp; on about working out.  ...
 Went to town for foundation... Came back with everything but!  
 Overthinking can lead to overreacting  
 So Monday I strained my gastrocemnious ( muscle in between the calf and knee ) I'm feeling it is a 70-75% but not playing my best.. 
 Someone get me some vodka to make me feel better 
 I hate being at the DMV 
 I'm in such a bad mood I actually just snapped at little miss America in class.     
 Going from  back  been on the road for 3 hrs. 2 hrs are yet to come.  
 Why do people have mobiles ? For they clearly dont answer them 
 How am I supposed to get work done today if I forgot my charger? 
 I just bought this new wallet yesterday &amp; its trash. 
 I hate when I take the time to email a Teacher and they don't respond, like I'm paying you to help me, so fucking help me! 
 8 treadmills at the Laurier gym is more than enough  
 Tomorrow is going to be the worst birthday of my life&amp; I didn't even get to it yet... 
 RT :    birds       
 Think what you want, I know the truth 
 I can never read when your around. You're so distracting and not in a good way. 
 My professors need to stop talking so I can go outside..  
 So stayed up till 3 for nothing..my class got cancelled for the afternoon. 
 Everyday I drive in Jamaica I hav 2 remind myself that I live in a 3rd world country&amp; accept that NO one can drive here!  
 You know the girl around you are loud when you hear them over your loud music....
 Seriously, shut up. 
 My little brother is a brat and he's about to sit outside all day 
 Can this day be over a little faster please?!   
 My camera was out of focus.... . Ill have to redo it
 a máquina de lavar roupa, faz tanto barulho, que a oiço no 2º andar. 
 Wow I'm so burned 😡 
    We that support BO feel completely betrayed by this Monsanto Protection Act!! !
  haha yes.. To be honest I just need to get out more but I have to find something to pass the time.. Wish I didn't!  x
  If only u knew the love I have for u..   
 Really hate wen someone says one thing and does another 
   Adobe Form Central is undergoing maintenance   
 Instead of getting mad at me maybe you shouldn't have such a guilty conscience, truth hurts 
 I don't wanna talk to anyone at all today .. 
 If the kid next to me doesn't put headphones in within the next minute his iphone is going against the training room wall. 
 WOAH. Mood swings today. 
 Why will my phone not send or receive calls.. 😒 
 I'm gettin kicked out of school for bein lazy but the teachers said they love my grades I'm like "then don't kick me out" 
 geram gak a org yg maen game kt fb maen invite2 nih... 
 All of a sudden I'm not hungry and I want to go home :/ 
 I hate waiting for an important meeting &amp; the other person is late! 
 WHY IS IT WINDY 
 Why the fuck did i choose an engineering course!! I cant do anything! 
 RT : I hate when you call/text someone and they don't answer but then you see them tweeting and posting stuff on Facebook.. ...
 RT : going thru the same struggle every morning -_- 
 What is that smell?! 
 4 pics 1 word really gets me sometimes  
 Man liekas, ka es uz māju vispār nevaru nākt, kā atnāku tā ar mammu sākam kasītes, un protams vienmēr es viņu aplaužu. 
 I never respond to your snapchats, so that means stop. 
 Okay Ian, you can stop throwing things at me.   
 So I lost my thumb drive...... AGAIN!!! 
 Don't text me if ur not going to reply.. 
  !!!!
 How can your mouth NOT water when you see this. delicious as Hell.    
 -10. Well, there goes our chances of getting into the playoffs! Absolutely fucking gutted!   
 Well that just put me in a bad mood 
 Seriously, excel can go kill itself now 
  makes sense:) but still stuck @ the same place, got nothing to do n I'm damn confused what will I do with my future 
 RT :  i have them winning by 6 because of the zone the cuse plays. 
 people need to fucking understand famous people, are human. they eat, breathe, sleep.. so give them space and let them live. 
 Channeling my frustration towards  in a positive way...   … 
 My family stole my car keys, locked them in the house, &amp; left the country. That's just dandy.   are irresponsible
 I didn't come to class to hear you talk shit about our guest speaker. He is more successful then you will ever be.  
 hate it when your laptop does this  
 Why do I do this to myself. 😔 
 This lizard refuses to eat for me. I have to watch him eat because he is fat and lazy and won't go after his food. 
 Tried toasting a sandwich but it got stuck in my toaster and Ive just nearly electrocuted myself trying to get it out, ffs  
 Packing sucks   'twanttoleave
  trying to let the little things go.
 Same goes with   and . Come on people. 
 RT : I beat the shit outta my steering wheel too much. 
 that hurtz me alottt ... [newLine] Don't know what to pack for the weekend because i dont know what the plan is  
 I think I need to go for a Looooooooongggg walk.. 
 Whatever bitch, stoop looking all sad then get all mad when I tell ppl whats wrong with you. .
 Sick and tired of being sick and tired.       
 OMG. I did all this work on the computer and it didnt fucking save!!!!! -_-  
 But really, no matter how hard I work for something, another thing usually goes wrong 
 If you wear camo &amp; you've never been camping, shot a gun, or been muddin' youre deffinatley a poser!   
 Sorry but do you even life bro 
 Urrrrrrrr YOU WILLY FAT TIT BUMSUCKING FUCKER!! 
  😣
 I've found that once someone annoys me, I have very little tolerance for everything they say/do 
  this is beyond abusive and sad! I can't believe a person would actually buy this!!! 
 Fat people who play video games more than 8 hours a days always have the worst hygiene 
  is so damn pissy..   
 There are so many things that I can forgive, but lying is not one of those things. 
 Can I wake up a one thing go right? [newLine] I really am dreading going to work. I hate working on Thursdays more than anything. 
 “: I really don't like you right now. ” 
 Oh my word, can you just stop please. 
 I can totally tell when my sister has been in my cupboards 
 It's really not fair that I don't have a ticket for the Flyers practice Thursday  
 Hey  I need power now.  You received my deposit, we scheduled service today. Make it happen today not Tuesday. 
 Why is it that my neighbors love to disturb my peace. #pissed#off
 Sometimes I go on Facebook and just want to delete my account.  
  omg I let u take my tweet from me and this is what I get in return :'( :'(       
 RT : These ants need to go... 
 Concept Subaru WRX .          … 
 RT :  this is beyond abusive and sad! I can't believe a person would actually buy this!!! 
 Wishes I had someone to depend on sometimes #frustrated
 RT : I love how girls get all dolled up for a track meet. They clearly have too much time on their hands. 
 It's that time of the month. Stay out of my way.  
 Seriously, NO ONE GIVES A FUCK.[newLine] IF I HEAR ACE SAY "MOMMA" OR "KATE" ONE MORE TIME IM GONNA SCREAM.   
 Today had to be the day out of all days -__- 
 If you can't pull your small car straight into a parking spot, you do not deserve a license!!!   
 Why do people feel the need to touch or grab me in the hallway every day? Don't do it! I don't grab you.  
 If I don't reply then why continue again and again -.- I just don't get it  
 I'm done with this bull shit either be my friend or not   
 RT : Fairmont , fix your wifi. I have shit to do! 
 Do you have trouble controlling your ?      
 Waiting for my brother so I can drive to the store...  
 You're by far a huge liar and I can't wait for karma to get you [newLine] There's so many weirdo's in the dentist and my brothers sitting far too close next to me 
 Thank you Microsoft Office for ruining my day. 
  whoa. Too far babe    
 Worlds best puppy     
 Fuck my keyboard... every time I go to correct a word it erases everything to point  
 this story about the high schoolers raping a girl and THIRTEEN people witnessed and did NOTHING .. I feel fucking sick. 
 That's just torn me apart :( 
  my hands are nice yeah 😜 LOL! 
 RT : Yesterday was so good and today I could just curl up in a ball and cry for days.   😔 
 I swear, it's like my playlist knows I'm going to see you today...  ?
 Looking at the extended forecast and it looks like  &amp;  aren't on the same calendar. 
 And if I don't get my willy wet soon imma lose it!!!  😁😁😁
 Good afternoon tweedos! Ugh running late to class!!   
 Ignore Austin day again. Fuck it. Ill leave the phone at home and go fishing then. 
 Wow okay!😁 
 Why did I even do that?    
 Photo:  .       ... 
 these catty bitches in the sauna need to shut the fuck up 
 Finally home! 
 Am I not enough for you?   
 Who would be so evil as to take my charger my charger and put it where I can't find it? Who?? 
  have the worst customer service !  they could at least play decent music when your waiting in the que !!!
 : I'm getting sick of ESPN SPORTSCENTER talking about the Miami Heat.  
 Why are your avi's ALWAYS so small  lol
 I'm the type of girl that can be so hurt but still look at you and smile.   
 .... don't get involved, don't get involved ... 
 really dont want to work today... 
 RT : The fact that our game got cancelled&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
 
 now that I want to do something you've been doing,  you all of a sudden don't. okay then. 
 Why this kind of thing also need to negotiate one. Hais.  
 I don't understand why my family has one medical insurance card.  
 RT : Showing off shit you didn't earn and work hard for! Fucking welfare ass bitch.  &gt;:/
  yes and no because some people would take advantage of that button 
  never call a girl fat. EVER. 
  not surprised! 
 Those who point their finger at others should really look in a mirror.   
 Same thing as last time. I feel it isn't exactly fair to those of us who understood the class work...  
 Seriously these high school girls&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 "He's sexy" 
 Just spent 80 bucks I wasn't planning on to watch my soccer team on television. Thanks  and .  
 RT : Still fumin over glastonbury....  
 that awkward moment when your friend brings up something that happened 5 years ago&lt;&lt;&lt; Uhh.. shut up.. Its over[newLine] I hate everyone... Stop sending Imessages with me in it   
 : super sfide nelle … Occhio all’![newLine] 
 That awful headache when your hair is tied too tight!!! 
 RT : don't know how much more i can fucking take 
 I realize I'm not in your situation, but you are way to damn dramatic with your knee 
 Gonna get 0's on my hw assignments today  
 Left school early and my plans STILL find away to get fucked up!!!   
 nothing is more infuriating than JMU parking services -_-.... well okay maybe just a few things.... but not much 
 I would really love a talllll glass of stfu!!!   
 “: Of course it's bank holiday weekend the weekend I'm not going out. ”yeahhhhhhhhhherggggggggggg!
 RT : I just want a nice relaxing day is that too much to fucking ask? 
 Stop pretending to be so country when you don't even know what a combine is. 
 Why must people stalk me and blow my phone up with texts. No thank you! I clearly don't want to talk to you. Take the hint!
 Se enojó conmigo, me dijo que no quiere ser mas mi hermana     … 
 Sorry, I don't wanna see snaps of you all fucking day bro... 
 I wish these Boston colleges would stop calling me .....!! 
 It's odd to say, but I would have rather went to school than sit at home on my couch all week 
 So apparently it's ok close hospitals which are helping people to save money &amp; then give some dumb bitch a free boob job  
 Pretty sure just got pissed off. Trying to shake it off and not let my day be ruined.   
 I want to kill my chemistry teacher! I hate her so much right now! 
  😤😩😓😠😡 
 Turning into a crazy bitch  
 The kids I'm babysitting never stop talking. 
 I'm a little annoyed that my pintrest isn't working.   
  bragging about weday   haha
 Cancelled baseball game.  :/
 Spring Break...eh  😒
 RT : people need to fucking understand famous people, are human. they eat, breathe, sleep.. so give them space and let th ...
 Not in the kood to be at work 
 This girl is getting on my nerves![newLine] Splinter stuck in my leg....   
 RT : I wish finding somebody to work for me wasn't like trying to find a needle in a haystack 
 Gears of war makes me angry       
 Cannot handle the liberal rants of this class anymore 
 Think ima put my bridal set back on to keep the straggling hombres away  
 Starving here waiting to know what time should I put dinner on for, Do ya think anyone will answer there phones? No  
 seriously about to yell at all the people coughing as LOUD as they can in the library. just leave.. 
 This girl and her attitude &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] I just want to scream at the top of my lungs 😫 
 “: “: Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. ” ” idiot.
 RT : I hate walking behind people in this school!  
 RT : -10. Well, there goes our chances of getting into the playoffs! Absolutely fucking gutted!   
 Finna Go Back To Sleep  
 Ever been  by someone to the extent you start  , yeah that happened there....  and 
 RT : Kim and Xian are in Bohol for vacation!?! Man that's where my family lives! 
 ": Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. " you tell em
 Caitlyn, just fucking leave. Go to a friends. Stay the hell away from me before I punch you in the face. 
 This is exactly why I don't make plans w people.. 😒 
 “: The concept of "fast food" is for your food to be fast!! Not waiting in drive thru for 20min. ” getting money now!
 RT : I am 
 Little ratchet ass kids stealing my gum! Who do you think you are?![newLine]    
 RT : I don't think I'm gonna make it through the semester without back handing one of these Sophomores in my chem class.  ...
 As if I have forgot my phone at my mums house  
 RT : I can't get on facebook until this gay marriage stuff is over with.... 
 Pulling teeth I swear.  😑👎
 I'm done doing favours for people, don't ever ask me to drive you or your  friend anywhere#annoyed
 When kids in the back of the class don't shut up. 
 I dont like talking to my Spanish advisor! 
 You'd think since I was 21 I'd be treated like an adult finally  
 I just want to slap someone in the face now 
 Great, got hit in the face with a snow ball that had either a rock in it or ice , got a nice blue lump by me eye 
 But really, housing why the hell do you hate me?  
   is the theme of this team. Absolute worst managing the cap now and be ahead of it. Very beaten
 RT : It's to early to be this  but not letting it ruin my day. Hopefully I get to see a certain someone today :-)
 RT : Should never start a convo in wales with " i've been thinking of buying a holiday home round here" 
 When met with this much resistance, alcohol is the only option     even if I go to the pub alone! 
 Day has not started off good [newLine]  ...
 Yeah, these kids walked out the door 20 minutes ago... Still don't know where they are.  
 Getting a text from someone from your past out of the blue..like what made you randomly think of me? 
 Fuck. 
 This is stupid. 
 ! How the  Protection Act snuck into law 
 RT : Why couldn't babies really come from storks. It's not having the baby that's the issue, it's the man you had the baby ...
 I love music but the way the industry is going is very upsetting. Why can't people just make good music again 
 im ready to leave now. 
 I Wna go home :/ 
 Late nights early mornings ☝👍👆      😳😣😞😒😩😩😖😤😎😴😲😬😕 
 Writer Mode mag-activate ka na. Ilang linggo na taung d magkasundo. :))[newLine] RT : Do what you want just keep me out of it.  
 seriously considering turning my phone off for the rest of day 
 Don't feel like dealing with this right now 
 I'm so thankful for my car, but not these flat tires everday !!!!!!! 
 Birthdays are a sewer for car owners  and oh btw you need a e-test! Sure thanks!! 
 Can't wait for the Penguins to lose in the first round  
 Every doctor I've seem has told me I need to strengthen and sends me back to physical therapy 
 I shouldve never gotten a white wallet, its so dirty!! 
 Trying to do my Spanish with  distracting me  :o
 I'm getting femur/friday mad   
 Tf 😒 I'm on a one week vacation , let me live . 
 Why is my dad calling to yell at me during school...thought it was an emergency.  
  I will  you, if you don't shut up
 Goodthing im not going to be home all day because my moms driving me crazyy#annoyed
 I shit like 3-4x a day and pee like 8x. 
 Do what you want just keep me out of it.  
 WHAT THE FUCK . How do you run out of the maracuja oil?! Ive been so patiently waiting since the day one of the 21 days sale! 
 When you sad,it doesn't mean we should all be sad...#
 Ai this  ad on TV just needs 2 DIE!!! 
 I know I messed up. You don't have to rub it in my face. 
 The underwire popped out on my favorite  bra that I just got like a month ago. Grrrr.  😫
 1more month and his ass is out if my life for good  😡😠😡😠
 I'm in one of those good moods where hitting you right in the face would make it twice as better  👊
 RT : Trying to do my Spanish with  distracting me  :o
 Great way to start the day 
 I canno stand spoiled rotten 'lil bitches! 😤 sorry, that does not make you better than everybody else!!!   
 4th bday[newLine] This is going to be a long ride home... 
 Man , can't win for loosing ! 
  but i dont miss the little theif in the picture tell that grimy mfer I want my $600! IM  hes  
 Hate arguing   
 Why are you driving 35 through town? 
 What is the point of an appointment time when you just end up sitting in the waiting room for 30+ mins before even seeing a doctor? 
   , and shortness of        tics
 Lets just give another award to boys basketball please!!!  
   my tweet won't send!!! 
 Can i be up north already? 
  😑😒 👈 can you guess what that's for?... 
 RT : When people think they know everything but clearly don't &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 I'd love to know when in life I'm gonna be using an algebraic formula to be a kindergarten teacher... 
 Locked out for 40 minutes 
 We are in high school.. time to act like it and stop being immature  
 Ewwww  almost just made me puke in psychology  😖😷🙊
 I hate feeling sick !!!!!! 
 I hate living here. I hate not having my own car. I hate having to depend on everyone else. 
 That's cool. 
 RT : Well annoying when you get told off for not answering your phone, but its fine for your parents to not answer 
 Who?? CARES. 
 When this BT person comes to fix my Internet mans gonna go mad on him! Thanks to you I keep getting disconnected from ultimate team! 
 Hate when ppl Fuck with my shit.  
 Was this what I came here for? 
 Nothing worse than this girl. What the fuck is your problem. It's fine me n dad cussing you off. Fool. 
 so pissed off, you fry me! i'm not making the effort anymore... 
 Why wouldn't you wait until after students move out before you start doing fucking construction in Westwood   
 Andd the day turned crappy after dropping folders and papers all the way down the stairs. 
 Biggest  repeating my self over and over again to someone other than a child 
 just now 
  was I not cute enough?  😭😭😭😭
 maybe if you would stop talking and pay attention you would understand...
 Uggghhhh just had to go out at midnight in the rain just so I could get more coins cause my clothes didn't dry..... 
 If you text me "Ru mad at me?" And I dont respond then YEA I AM MAD!......    !
 Hmmmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm    
 Just stop. We're not friends and my friends don't know you so stop trying. 
 RT : “: It seriously should not take my professor three weeks to grade our exams!! ” it's bs!!
 RT : I think it's time to grow up, really are we still in high school?   
 You are way too confusing 
 Hate being 2nd best 
 RT : Guys can be so damn stupid sometimes 
 RT : Why can't cars park themselves? 
 OCC seems to enjoy pissing me off. 
 Watershed why must you give away all good camping spots?!?!?  😢  😫
 guhhhh i wanna go home! ):   
 Turned off by   !
 Ppl need to learn how to suck it up and work their shift. 
 This lady in my bio is always trying to clear her throat, then takes a drink of soda. Uh lady, that's not gonna help.  
 This lady is talking my head off the life of sitting by older people in class!!! Is that what you got?? Is that what you got?? 
 Hella fucking annoying. You stay bothering me.  
 FML i wish Pmr is over.Cant stand this anymore.everyday is just books books books#stress#of#studying#hate#angry#tired#annoyed
 Yeah I wouldn't text me either 
 25 mins late 
 ": Stop showing random parts of the movie and just let us watch the whole thing  " 
 Why can't I get this damn problem?!????? 
 I'm ready to go already 
 Unappreciative. 
 RT : If you don't know how to drive get off the road  
 RT :  well DO NOT get it from  
 If I make it through class without having a mental breakdown we will be doing good.    😒
 Ok girl in my class, no one cares about what you are talking about. You are obnoxiously loud. Please learn to be quiet! 
 Holy fuck people! Stop slamming your shit on the table! 
 If you dislike someone, don't tell me you like them the next day.   
 being considerate for so long you cant stand it anymore and become inconsiderate 
 Trying to decipher a doctor's handwriting &lt;&lt;&lt;  
 The concept of "fast food" is for your food to be fast!! Not waiting in drive thru for 20min. 
 Breaking my wrist has taught me a lot about myself and the people around me.   is an understatement.  
 40 km\hr long stretch roads 
 So the only reason I came to school is not here today! 
 Really not in the mood for stupid people today 
    RT  : [newLine] If I make a song today it would[newLine] be so eminem...
 I hate when I'm stuck on a level on a game for days   
 Not even 48 hours into twitter and i am already I following people! 
 Fuck the girl who was just on her phone that entire bio exam, you will be the reason the curve is ruined you bitch 
 Why can't I bring myself to say it 😔 
 I'm tired of these shenanigans. Iwireless, step up your service 
 I always give a little more to people than what they deserve, and they take advantage of that. .
 Hate it when your child is woken up by a random phonecall especially when they have just gone off to sleep 
 This girl sitting in front of wants the damn d! 
 Not in the mood to be at work 
  I was never informed of this! 
 No partner it's fine don't feel the need to show up when were supposed to do a presentation that you didn't help with   😡😤
 can i just kill everybody? 
 RT : or just completely use me. that's cool  
 RT : Someone bring me vodka.  
 They better be paying me right now! Cause this is ridiculous. I've been sitting here for 30 minutes -_- 
 I really can't stand when people take my stuff without asking or use up something of mine. 
 Being able to hear word for word an entire conversation from the basement and through two closed doors  
 RT : Lol when you confide in someone and they tell someone else even though they weren't supposed to  
  
 “: It seriously should not take my professor three weeks to grade our exams!! ” it's bs!!
 So Facebook pretty much sucks.  
 RT : Uhhh that is not ok. 
 Woke up early and came to work on my off day for this???   
 You repeat yourself everyday! Shutup and hand me my fn test!!! 
 My math teacher is takin forever to call me back. .
 Sorry i fucking asked. Next time you wont hear from me.   
 How the hell could the NHS give someone a free boob job and deny a kid treatment ??? People these days are sickening -_- 
 That horrible moment when you realize that you have to write a paper over the break....  
 its been a week why isn't my midterm grade posted 
 wayyyyyy to much shit going on in my life right now right before spring break  
 Bad news. 
 Full of shit cos some slag comes on the scene. You're nothing special..why waist my time on you. 
 I hate when people call me and I call them back and they don't answer and then their phone dies.  
 Facebook says you saw my message. 
 i am going to scream!!!!  
 Why do I keep on getting texts so late omg 
 RT : Think what you want, I know the truth 
 Wtf I hate when bus drivers drive slowly on purpose 
 Stop thinking u know everything 
 My mood just did a 180. 
 IF YOU DONTLIKE MY SHIRT THEN DONT LOOK AT IT!!! I OBVIOUSLY KNEW IT HAD BACKWARDS CROSSES SINCE I BOUGHT IT!!!!!   
  omfffffg how?! 
 This is just not my week. Thank god I'm going home  
 There's just so many people I wanna hit today 👊 
 What a bust. 
 were still @ the same spot as we were 3months ago#frustrated#confused
 First year ever that I can't make Easter pies with my family    
 ": " :o cheer up :)
 I should not be doing chemistry homework on spring break. 
  well shit faith gave my mom my hot chocolate and me.my mom's coffee and now I am pissed. I'm tired and pissed 
 I have such a bad migraine!!! 
 Nothing can ever just go smoothly. 
 Totally need this right this instant. :( &lt;////3    … 
 Why do guys have to be such whores dang you make me so mad[newLine] #angry
 When someone is constantly asking to see you &lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Tried to warm up my cookie, but instead I burnt the shit out of it   🍪
 where's a best friend when you need one 😡😡
 Ok in order to make justice in my life got my  Not the same as to got to the   but is the best i can do  😩
 Second time going through chick fil a and not getting a straw 
 Today is a "fuck everything &amp; stay in bed" day.  Can I leave tbay yet?
 Oh it was brought to their attention? Bullshit; it's on private &amp; I didn't tag or hashtag them. Nice try though   
 urgh! Some of my teachers do my head in!😡  
 This describes me at school perfectly 🙌        
 I already want this day to be over. 
 I pay for it. Not you. 
 I'm trynna get up but I can't move 
 How are the browns not gonna get Brent grimes now?! 
 Is it that hard for someone to follow through with at least one plan? 
 To the guy sitting next to me, stop chomping on your gum like a effin dinasour. It's annoying, and I am about to punch you. Thanks 
 RT : Sooooo since my game got cancelled I'm gonna stuff my face.  
 Today was not a good day to be a coach! 
 RT : “: ": Why are you constantly in my business? GET OUT. " you tell em” I will!
 Oke, je komt er pas achter dat je niet zonder mobiel kunt als er geen hebt 
 RT : I hate doing group projects because I'm the only one who actually works. 
 I got all 8 am's!!!  
 Worst thing when you chip a perfectly shaped nail!! 
 If you're gonna post pictures of MY cat, can't you at least tag me? 
 It's time for you to grow up! 
 Talking to someone and thinking, damn you need hit with a shovel  
 I now understand where my aggressive driving/road rage comes from 😳    
 these kids are saying that cyber bullying doesn't exist, that it's impossible to hurt someone through the web 
 Didn't know my freshman brother needed "babysitting"! 
 Okay.. Quizlet ligt er nu al een aantal uur uit en ik wil graag dat de site het weer gaat doen!! 
 The service here sucks! They are now looking for the impossibles#annoyed
 Dance made me hate the song Pour It Up... 
 California, why are you SO f'king loud?? 
 Huuuuhhhhhh No Call     ... I Miss Him Like Crazy!!!
 RT : Was that really necessary? 
 RT : If your goal was to push someone to this point.... I hope you're proud of yourself. 
 Was that really necessary? 
 I've come to realize my specialty isn't sewing  😠
 CALC GRADE! STOP DECREASING!  I needed that 0.2% :(
 Let this class end     
 RT : Cannot express my anger for people who completely disrespect people with something wrong with them &amp; laugh at th ...
 go ahead ask me one more damn time 
 Is today "give gina bullshit day"? Holy shit!! 😡😡😡😡[newLine] Whaaat is going on on  right now?   
 No Kody with a K, we are not going to make a Call Me Maybe music video for our project. 
 I wish they wee counts outside my house wid stop fucking screaming ... Trying to have a nap, been up since half 4  
 RT : Why?! Why does it have to snow in the spring? Why?! 😠😡😤 
 Pandora is telling me i'm almost exceeding the 40 hour listening  period for March.  
 RT : this story about the high schoolers raping a girl and THIRTEEN people witnessed and did NOTHING .. I feel fucking sic ...
 RT : But really, no matter how hard I work for something, another thing usually goes wrong 
 . -.-
 I feel like fuccin sum shit up  on the inside
 Does anyone know why ANGEL is not working? 
 So ready to sleep in tomorrow.    
 Missing out on an old school Thursday night because I have to work tomorrow.   😡
 Things are just going down now. Even from yesterday's problems.   
 Honestly there are 10 people in this class, not that hard to sit in the same damn spot!! 
  some blonde bitch wouldn't serve me and  cuz we never had ID in Aldi but his missis did what's the problem? 
 When you realize you have two test during Greek week &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 RT : Recessed AGAIN until 1:30    
 Buenos dias blue birds!  el dia gris y la gente que maneja a lo -bird!
 I'm not even in Llanelli and the Llanelli pharmacy is doing my head in!! People know how to wind me up! 
    and mess it is. Who is writing this?  Dannifer are not teenagers. 
 Angry eyebrows!     
 The way you replaced me.... It kills me everyday!    
 I really neeed to unfollow some ppl 
 How the hell could the NHS give someone a free boob job and deny a kid cancer treatment ??? People these days are sickening -_- 
  but sometimes people piss me off 
 Our little chick kept me up way too late then a 6am test today, I could possibly strangle anyone who bothers me today. 
 I was 2-0 down on FIFA and I scored in the 87th minute and I hit the post with the last kick off the game! 
 Stop bitching already!  I want to slap you in the face, with a chair ;( [newLine] RT : I pay thousands of dollars to go to college. I should have no problem getting in every class that I want 
 I'm really like the most irritated person in the world right now!! 
 Get me out of this freaking car!  😡🙉
 Am I incapable of painting a boat or... What. 
 whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
 When people get into your convo with someone else.  
 Why don't we have a window? . 
 Hate is a very strong word just remember that 
 My fuse is so short today 
 I hate when i have scheduled interviews and my interview isnt there on time. Im not wasting your time, so please dont waste mine 
 RT : Is today "give gina bullshit day"? Holy shit!! 😡😡😡😡[newLine] RT : Me: "Hey mom, who's your favorite superhero?" Mom: "Deadpool &amp; Batman." Me: "You can only pick one." Mom: "Oh... then B ...
 Look, if you're in college and do not know how to determine what fraction is greater, please leave. 
 Arguing with this slut at the nail place, bitch sort out your shitty highlights and patchy tan first. 
  birds space   Erayin saheserleri ;) 
 It.[newLine] Is.[newLine] Snowing.[newLine] I think people should have to retake drivers ed . So many fucking stupid drivers. 
 Hit me with the frisbee again and I'll shove it up your ass 
 i just hate how i kept it so real with the ones who ain't even kept it real with me  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
 bitch, eat your soup like a normal human... STOP SLURPING IT IN THE MIDDLE OF CLASS.   
 This sub is gonna have a lot of fun with our class this hour  
 Need to go out for a smoke.. I swore I woulnt cut so ima smoke it up 
 I seriously hate morning shifts with a passion! Ugh! Makes me hate my job even more!  
 Some people make me really crabby...  
 RT : I seriously hate morning shifts with a passion! Ugh! Makes me hate my job even more!  
 I swear if my sister says one more thing I'm throwing her out this car[newLine] PA roads suck. VA drivers suck. But MD drivers commit the 2 worst driving sins: crappy parking &amp; blocking opposing green lights. 
 RT : Truly devastated by this --&gt; Voted against it but clearly money = power.   ...
 Ridiculous. Couldn't go to class cause I couldn't find any fucking parking! Ugh 
 wish i was just allowed to do things again  
 This bitch needs to calm down! 
 Fire drills are unacceptable when I am trying to conduct science...  at least it is nice out though
 Lol at those girls who ALWAYS have to try and be better than you and try to look better than you.    😠
 I hate people who breathe loud. 
 Updated my iPhone and it wiped all my music. 
 Still got no heating! Wasted a whole day off waiting in! Can't even iron as no water!!!    
 RT : “: God hates ” I've never heard a more ignorant statement. 
 If you're not gonna reply, then just don't text me at all 
 You literally get everything you want, and don't deserve any of it 
 I dunno y I av to travel ooo?...
 Trapped in the corner on the train by this guys damn bike.... he just walked on an trapped me! want to punch his damn face in... 
   hehehe! I knw y ur not happy!...hmmm! Oris!!!
 You never tell me anything. 
 Not in a good mood.   
 RT : Writing a research paper about the effects of obesity makes me want to never eat again 
 "LIKE WHERE ELSE AM I SUPPOSED TO EAT?!" -   LEAVING  . IM SORRY BUT I CANT HELP U   I ONLY EAT 
 blurgggghhh  
 nothing like a blizzard at lunch to make me feel better 😍   
   Hey Kevin why would the Pirates keep Washed up players like Brandon Inge on the team  for 20 years
 I HAVE TO PEE, AND THE ONLY BATHROOM IS CLOSED. I TOLD MYSELF 2 MORE PARAGRAPHS, AND THEN I GET TO PEE. AND I DIDN'T GET TO. 
 @ OR Tambo Airport, tickets says 6pm we fly nt 9pm Etihad Airways  3hrs delays
 These ratchet as females tlkin shyt outside nd loud infront of everybody just so ppl can hear their ugly as voice 
 Nothing like a fire alarm going off to disrupt a good study session 
 When life knocks you down, stand back up with a smile on your face, and say "you hit like a bitch."  
 I can't talk with someone who's absolutely clueless 
 Glad I rushed to work to find out my early class is not even happening anymore..    
 RT : i just poured my heart out to you knowing i wasnt gunna get an answer.. yettt i am still waiting for one ? #💔 
   
 Going to destroy the sears watch and jewelry repair one of these days  
 I can handle my own shit, I don't need anyone butting in. [newLine] you're so ignorant!!!!!!! 
 Ew 
 Pinterest froze... 😡 
 I swear Mr.Nevarez only plays one fucking Video [newLine] I've been watching it since like freshman year 
 I woke up to my little brother blasting the Harlem Shake music. 
 Where did my inspiration go? Today is hardly the day for you to go on vacation. 
 My (step) "gramps" is more like a "grumps"     😑😡
 My sister = slower than Christmas  
 Why am I always sick. ?!?   😕
 Dear weather, please make up your mind so I can plan outfits accordingly  
 RT :  hahahaha!!! Oooooooo  
 RT : What a fanfuckingtastic day.  
 I just want to cry now  
 Jogando  birds cm a mom. Yowih so ta atirar os passaros d qualquer
 If your goal was to push someone to this point.... I hope you're proud of yourself. 
   jeez take a chill pill Ashley. 
 Some people just get on my last nerve! 
 . Always asking me for money 😠
 Somebody come get me and take me away from this house please....  
 RT : If you're gonna ask me a stupid rude question dont complain when I give you a really rude answer. K. 
 Seriously, this concussion has messed up my whole life ever since I got it... Grrr migraines SUCK!!   
 Despite what you think - working in a live/work loft situation is not ideal.   ?
 “: Brush your teeth or don't talk to me. ”
 I feel so stupid in this class 
 I'm goin to blow a gasket if my mom says CRAY to me one more time 
 getting really sick of doctors appointments...  
 Just drove by 2 huge crows picking at a dead animal on the side of the road 
 Not starting today off good    
  😡
 WHY IS MY TRAIN NOT HERE YET.    
 Some people are just useless twatwaffles!!! Grrrrr  
 RT : That  has broken the telly in our hospital bedroom. How will we watch Countdown now?  
 RT : I'm tired of hearing about the debate over gays. LET PEOPLE MARRY WHO THEY WANT. NO SHUT THE HELL UP. THANKS. 
 My current mood is  
 I am not a fucking maid!!! 
 I wish some people had mute buttons where you could push a button and they would shut up. 
 Has  been home all week and not texted me ONE time? 
 I hate when people want me to do things but I get no say in how it's done 
  Why? Agent Orange, TRUE small farmers, TRUE starving families... &amp; you choose Monsanto? [newLine] I just want to go home and sleep for the rest of my life. 
  mood activated#
 I swear this is such a pain in the ass. 
 I've gotten no sleep throughout this whole entire break 
 Megan knows the list of things I DON'T like and she still does them to me   
 Wow hate when ppl say there gunna do Something and then they don't.. [newLine] #annoyed af
 practice making website .. bored damn ! cant sleep..   !
 24 exams in the space of 2 1/2 months.. That's ridiculous!! 
 Don't understand why I'm waiting, im the only one here. 
 You can bring my mood down like no other 
 So sick of people... 
 Why the fuck would you blow your nose infront of me while im eating? 
 dammit, couldn't make it cus there was no damn babysitter ugh 
 Where is everyone finding the entertainment line up for the rodeo?! [newLine] How hard is it really to say my name, hate being called kristen 
 Being on twitter is making me mad right now. 
 RUDE people at Walmart. Get out of the way dang!  
 aish.....[newLine] YAAHH..[newLine] She's the reason why it's not stoping..[newLine] Aiishh   
 Aku gk kribo sih  RT : Qribooo
 - This girl is over here laughing like a dying hyena 
 RT : Fuck everyone.   
 RT : Lol at those girls who ALWAYS have to try and be better than you and try to look better than you.  ...
 ha wow.  
 RT : I wish some people had mute buttons where you could push a button and they would shut up. 
 “: I dont want to dress up. ”
 RT : Why must I feel so attached to books.     😒
 Please stop taking my damn job away from me. It's my job. Let me do it. 
 People at the Rosedale mall do NOT know how to park
 
 I'm sorry if you act all gay Around me I can't take you seriously sorrry  (˘̩̩ʃƪ˘̩̩).  
 People like the most outlandish things on these  sites.  by the stupidity of these ones.
 "Guys would smile more if girls put out more"- guy in my speech class    
 Of course the one day I don't shower before class and plan on doing it before clinicals I get home and I can't.   
 Departin' H-Town for good, very soon.... 
          
 fucking gunna rage at fifa ina sec 
 I need to go home now!!!!!  
 Hate tripping over everyone on the way out of a test 
  x_x
 Thanks Maidstone 2hrs to do 45 min trip 
 *complains about train travel again*   
 RT : I can't talk with someone who's absolutely clueless 
 i really wish i could delete people off the world!   
 When your maths teacher runs over on the last lesson of the term to talk about momentum. No just no 
 Work drama is so fkn petty. 
 GET OVER IT OOOOOOOOOOMG  people can never let things go! what's the point?! It's such a waste of energy
 Hate this... :( 
  why not fs im 
 Straight talk wireless you fucking suck. Your customer service is total bullshit!
 I woke up with all the wrong ideas in my head today.   
 Oh kayy, I didn't need anything bad to happen today.),: Guess it's a little too late for that..):    
 This TA just asked a question to which he didn't know the answer to.   why do I even bother coming -_-
 I decided not to try and sleep in because I thought I had practice.  
 RT : I hate ignorant people 
 RT : I absolutely hate when people make me late.. 
 People need to get their crap together is all I know! !
 Some people have to study.   
 So sick of school 
 RT : Trying to find an outfit for today = hardest decision of my life  😳👗
  My tweets don't show! :(((( Been tweeting you all afternoon, I've no idea WTF is going on! 
 Thanks to the rude woman who told 'me' to hurry up as she served me in  today 'Happy Ester'   
 And you wonder why I'm never home. 
 Ergh 
 RT : I hate people who breathe loud. 
 It’d be nice if bands actually message you back when you offer a gig. 
 refilling my birth control has never been so complicated yes   
  no words that could explain this picture  😂   
 You know you're an extreme girly girl when you start to tear up cause your dog chewed up your favorite mascara. 
 You can't get a two-tone zipper and zippers only come in a third of the colours.    
 You don't have to press the key that hard to type the letter, I can't hear over your typing 
 well my mood did a complete turn around.  
 Kinda don't wanna go with you to Victoria today, now. 
 People in Syria are dying and the world turns a blind eye. See what they did in Iraq!    
 Such a bad mood already today. Wanna skip work and go to bed..   
 There're only two people on phones today. &amp;It's busy. 
 RT : So you tell me to come in at 6 one day and then the day of you tell me 4? Are you kidding me?!?   So much ...
 I back to square one with you.. again. 
 RT : why is it when you like someone they like someone else, but when someone likes you you dont like them at all. 
   So you must be loving this. 
 my mother decided to tidy my room and now i have work missing.. thanks mum :/ 
 Thank you autoimmune disease for letting me wake up with hives all over    
 I wish I was going out tonight 
 I actually hate throwback Thursday 
 It'd be cool if you would let me know what I did to you instead of making it awkward every time I see you. 
 Not in the mood  
 Well great. 
 Welllll I'm glad French Montana smokes up my nine year old students. Awesome.  
 Could rant forever about the joke of owners we have at our club, fans don't deserve this 
 First my shoes and now my dress, what else could go wrong 
 This 4 year old kid keeps crying over nothing. If only it wasn't bad I'd knock this kid out.  already. Not a good sign.
 You make me so angry but there's nothing I can do about it 
 In that "fuck you" mood 
         . 
 RT : I swear Mr.Nevarez only plays one fucking Video [newLine] This dude is a clown .....STOP TEXTING MY PHONE ......I will expose you ....!!!! 
 Best shopping in the world and they are all closed!  
 Is it wrong to question if you have any common sense at all..  😒
 If I wanna leave class Then Let me,Leave Damnn ! These teachers ittitatin af ! I will get up nd leave my damn self 
 Dear kid head banging in class,[newLine] Your stupid.. Please sit down.[newLine] Why doesn't iTunes have any ringtones I want?! 
 We all have heard how much you hate "To Kill A Mockingbird." So, stfu &amp; get over it. 
  [newLine] Uhm how come I didn't know about this?     
 Pengeng taba sa braso, oh. -.-  XD
 RT : Math has a fantastic way of pissong me off. 
 It is far too beautiful out to be this cranky! I need to change my attitude to gratitude.  
 You yell for no reason just be quite   
 Recessed AGAIN until 1:30    
 Totally Unnecessary shot by Anamul. 
 This kid has been crying for 2 damn hours because she peed her pants and has to wear camo pants and angry bird underwear. 
 Brush your teeth or don't talk to me. 
 RT : Hallie said she was taking me 
 What  just said back to me proved something 
 RT : I'm gonna read 📗  
  I can't believe a person would actually buy this.....!!! 
 I still don't understand why people come to the store to talk on their phones. 
   we were robbed!  
 Movie nite   5 :-)
 Crappiest game ever  
 I can't wait to be on spring break from my second job, I guarantee I will get more rest than I did this week... 
 Now my wifi is helluuuur slow... WTF is going on aaaaah 
 All the people in Daytona are assholes and can't drive 
 Planning never goes right. Never planning again yeno.  hjshdy    
 Twitter, I can't even handle you today. Sorry. 
 I wish my teachers would stfu about gay marriage and teach, some of us were raised with the bible at home. 
 Whoever picked out this shitty music, PLEASE go somewhere else   
 Lol ": Look at dis freak..wanna open ya pore here abi RT :   hehehe! I knw y ur not happy!...hmmm! Oris!"
 I hate when people hide shit from me ! Really, grow some balls &amp; tell the fuckin truth !! 
 ": " RFT
 I've never struggled more in a game than on the trial of Archimedes in god of war ascension 
 Can't actually be arsed with shit anymore 
 really didnt wanna go to the class 😒 
 Bored, hungry, &amp;alone..😩😕😟smh! ...
 These people need to get their shit together holy 
 Smh I don't get it  
 So much for getting off early, waited 45 minutes for nothing. Sweet thanks.   
 This handyman better turn up to fix my refridgerator cause I'm not going another 4 days with no food! 
 the next person to say something about me carrying a gallon of water is getting punched  
 To say I NEED to do stadiums today is an understatement  you coming  ??
 I'm never going to catch a fucking break. 
  I'd like to thank my SmartShake 4 its unsecured bottom &amp; ruining my bag &amp; joggers   
 I'm so tired of being around when it's convenient for you and you alone. 
 I just need to go back to bed because I am already over today and there are a few people I would like to thank for that  
 Today has been a ! Not felt good at all! Need to not expect too much from body so soon!  
 When people take forever to get ready and don't even care that you're waiting for them.  
 fuck sake i wish my phone would turn on!!  
 Cool. Just the way I wanted to start my break.  
  no need to get aggressive! 
 Learn your place.  
 turned notifications of for them... 
 When  &amp; deb leave me in langs class by myself!! 😡😡😡😡  
 I already have to deal with my 2 year olds crying I don't need another crybaby   😒
 My old twitter got hacked, had to make a new one :( 
 These walls are paper thin and voices travel. 
 RT : Why do people feel the need to touch or grab me in the hallway every day? Don't do it! I don't grab you.  # ...
 Found out today that the course i'm doing isn't UCAS Accredited. This better not f**k up my chances of Uni. 
 Ready for this to be over. 
 My day just went from great to totally depressing...great  
 I pay thousands of dollars to go to college. I should have no problem getting in every class that I want 
 So fucking pissed off 
 I can't stand the immature people in my classes who make me think I'm still in high school....  
 “: This dude is a clown .....STOP TEXTING MY PHONE ......I will expose you ....!!!! ” espose sum den!!
 been at the hospital for 30 mins and already got evacuated to the main lobby for code red🔴 this is a great day 
 I hate writing essays -_- 
  I wish they would treat you better!!
 The only thing I regret from this entire year is ever agreeing to take that dumb test you signed me up for.   😡😡😡
 RT : I dont like talking to my Spanish advisor! 
  ._.
 Please explain to me why no where in Auburn has kids bow ties.. 
 And now no one cares. 
 When my world is on fire, I dance with the flames 🔥🎵  
 Now I remember why I never sit in the back rows 
 Why am I so irritable today? 
 😒 
 RT : I wish I could enjoy my spring break instead of working all the time... 
 Cant wait to get my own car 
 This bitch makes me wanna shoot myself 
 !!!
 Some of the ignorance in this world is absolutely appalling. 
 RT : When my math teacher snaps his fingers at us. Like um no don't do that. 
   : "I JUST WANT  SO BADLY!"   LEAVING  BC THE  IS 2 LONG
 As if my mum got me a paper round, not bad pay though, but going to be so much effort. 
 Well don't you want more friends that are girls Emily? What about a sorority.....THANKS   
 RT : Ppl in norman for real needs to learn how to drive!!!!! 
 I love how Comcast was at my house for hours yet I know have less channels now than I did before they came. 
 Me: "Hey mom, who's your favorite superhero?" Mom: "Deadpool &amp; Batman." Me: "You can only pick one." Mom: "Oh... then Batman." 
 UofA is wrecking everybodys brackets today.   
 Why does my twitter keep updating about how to lose your belly flab?! It's not me, go away! 
  I don't hear from you in yonks and this is how you reappear with a shocking statement such as this one...
 Am tellin u...(˘̩̩_˘̩̩̩ƪ) (۳º̩̩́_º̩̩̀)۳ RT : I dunno y I av to travel ooo?...
    ..  goodbye .!!!!
 They're filming sum tv show or movie on my street nd they closed it off to the public They've been here for hours! We can't go out 
 This girl next to me eats plain ice EVERY TIME we're in class.  
 DONE JUST DONE GREEK 101 store.....we are not friends. 
 i thought id be done with this shakespeare shit in high school, but nope 
 RT : If I make it through class without having a mental breakdown we will be doing good.    😒
 Jus bout to be MIA 
 I don't even know what I'm feeling right now.     
 Why u always trying to constantly one up people like u are some perfect idol we are suppose to worship   
 Oh How I hate This Stupid Class[newLine] Really wanna go out tonight 😢 being ill sucks.   
 RT : Why u always trying to constantly one up people like u are some perfect idol we are suppose to worship   # ...
 Talk about me that one thing talked about my family that's another  
 I hate when ppl are flakey. 
 That moment when you think people care about how your feeling when really they don't give a shit!  
   = the gateway to destroying human health and the health of our planet. 
 Most irritating thing ever: telling me todo something on my own&amp; then trying to tell me how todo it   
 If it wasn't for seeing my pets I could honestly careless sometimes about being home 
 RT : Where is everyone finding the entertainment line up for the rodeo?! [newLine] I  and im  but I still dont seem to be getting any job offers! 
 I can't believe you're going to tell me my hours are wrong, when you aren't ever here.. 
 why is it that when you've finally found a good song on your ipod, one of your earphones decides to break   
 Not being able to access my pandora at the gym is so fckn inconvenient 
 That moment when u study a long time for exams that the teacher cancels at the last minute -.-  
 RT : My favorite sunglasses broke and I don't even know how. 
 Ready to go! 
 Still no sign of the mysterious missing Grey's Anatomy season.  :/
 I love waking up to that. NOT. 
 And now I can't wait to go home this weekend  
 I need to watch Ariana's new music video but there's no damn wifi in this hotel! 
 Where is Mr. Berry?  
 people in this town are nothing but rude and selfish ✋  
 Someone come rescue me please! :'([newLine] Get me the fuck out of this house for a few hours.[newLine] RT : Practically being called stupid is a great feeling 
 PEOPLE at lunch &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Can my weekly subscription expire already so I can do the monthly one! Ah was supposed to be due earlier today!
 Seriously this week can be over now.  😒
 Getting surgery for something that ruins me everyday turned down yet a girl gets a free NHS boob job cause she's 'depressed'. 
 Gonna miss my bitchh  when she fuks off and leaves me :'(  
 The amount of time it took top get this twitter handle to be what I needed it to be?? 
 You are so fucking disrespectful. Quit being a bitch to us when we don't deserve it. 
 These gay dudes on Jerry!!!!!!!!! Oh my gawd 
 I wish I could see  today but I work :(   
 You are a growwwwwn ass bitch, quit acting like a 2 year old !!!!! 
 RT : Why can't you mind your own business? 
 Uuuugggghhhhh! Why are you being like that! Don't be stupid! .
 Why does my oven take so long to preheat? 
 Accounting project 2 I really hate you right now 
 Just a reminder to people that Miami lost without Reggie Johnson to ISU. Very possible Marquette wins. 
 It doesn't want me to land an avatar....aaaah! 
 Trying to switch cases is such a struggle for me! 
 I just love when my sisters come to my dads and use all our shit   
 It never fails... 
 this is why i have very few friends. people in this town are nothing but rude and selfish. stop worrying about what other people do 
 So little appearance!! 
 A typical day of my life     
 When the man in the coffee shop gets my drink wrong    
 RT : Have to work today when I'm supposed to be on spring break. Never covering anyone's shift again. No one ever does it in  ...
 The 4th period sub thinks he's funny. He's funny sometimes but the rest of the time hes so annoying 
 So Carphone Warehouse is £50 cheaper than  for my upgrade and they are giving away a free Tablet and accessory kit! 
 How can you check respiration, without checking the pulse?! I mean come one really? Yu can do that shit at the same damn time.  😒
 “: ": " RFT”
 RT : You think your gods fucking gift when your a little two faced wanker 
 Can't be late or else you lose ur appointment, yet I've been waiting for 29 minutes and counting   
 Well...back to the starting line....here we go again...when are they ggonna realize that this DOESN'T HELP ME?!?! 
 Hey, if you are  with your   or   let me help you. Contact me here. I will solve your issues
 My mother calls me at least 5 times everyday when I'm home on break. Mother seriously I'm in the same house as you. 
  So please explain how does a team score 5 goals and still lose. 
 RT : Your mouth.. Close that thing. 
 RT : I'm protective because i care, not because I'm jealous      #
 Some days I really hate people  
 People these days...
 Great talk...  thank god I'm away
 Would It be frowned upon if I punched the guy behind me in the face? 
 If he had ran into me....  
 LOLing so hard  
 I never thought I would say this ever, but why can't we have more homework instead of just 3 test grades. 
 I can't even deal with the rest of this school day. 
 When my tanning lotion refuses to come out of the bottle &amp; I have to tan with no lotion &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;   😡
 Why can't you mind your own business? 
 RT : Psychology sucks, I never know what the heck is going on. 
 OBAMA has some explaining to do! How are you gonna sign the bill to protect "MONSATAN??" 
 Stupid counter slowing down  
 I just want to scream. 
 Awesome.  
 When people dont listen to me.... Ugh pisses me off!!!!! 
  coming your way to collect my debt....handina mari inorara musango. 
 Hold up. What's going on? 
 That moment when you are all hype and then you realized it was all fake.    
 Remind me never to argue with an idiot 
 ..first day of spring break &amp; i feel like crap.!     
 Get over yourself already. 
 I'm so over this conversation my coworkers having 
 When I have me head phones on that means leave me alone. 
 I think now a days we blame society like Al Gore blames global warming. Give it up. 
 Had to wait in the car for three hours whilst my mum shops at tesco.. TORTURE I TELL U  
 RT : I'm such a bad person , when I'm just doing what's best for my daughter ? That makes sense . #overit
 Me stupid battery is mellow yellow...again!!!!! 
  ..
 Nothing drives me crazier than having to repeat myself 5 times on the phone... THIS IS WHY MY PARENTS NEED TO LEARN TO TEXT 
 That's the only time you EVER hit me up -- is when you need something. 
 Today is going to be one of those days, i can already tell[newLine] Didn't get paid this week...now I gotta wait 2 more weeks 
 what??????? wow  “: Million Dollar Government Grant To Study Sex Habits Of Mud Snails ”
 RT : More hope for the pope doing my thesis than me at the minute   
 I stayed by the DFW airport last night surprisingly the Denny's was by the Westin and not La Quinta 
 RT : Jordan burchfield is an ass. Bullying is serious not a joke! Its the bullies fault not the victims!! Grow up!!!!!  ...
 completely pissed off!!  I have no idea who the person was who started giving me shit because you followed me. .
 I know its a terrible accident, but please let the news helicopters leave the area 
 I'm ready to go home..  
   Uhm what.... Starbucks is OUR thing rich!!! 
 That  has broken the telly in our hospital bedroom. How will we watch Countdown now?  
 Well that's me done for a week just found out my  engine delayed a week and a half 
 People are soooooooooo ANNOYING..!! SMH 
 I swear if this grown chile don't stop popping that gum!!!! 
 😢 Moments like this is when I need to talk to you the most 
 RT : My old twitter got hacked, had to make a new one :( 
 Today is not my day, but it is beautiful outside  
 This chicc  aka Shonda Jr got me all the way F'ed up right now lmaooo  that's my chicc tho   lol
 I'm tired of hearing about the debate over gays. LET PEOPLE MARRY WHO THEY WANT. NO SHUT THE HELL UP. THANKS. 
 I hate the people that work at the chipotle near state. Lemme just make my burrito so you don't mess it up.  
 Unfollowing certain individuals because there shit retweets are pissing off your homepage  
 I dont get paid enough for this shit. Hsd enough of today       
 Yinton lento umlungu yaze aku jonge , Ancume???? 
 Roofers pounding on my roof 
 1215kcals today. What the fuck have I been doing?!  
  of humans about  never ceases to amaze me. Annoys me specially when they tell me I'm wrong.   
 Shit my bad. Totally forgot you're going to be an ass about this now. Thanks dad.  
 SUCH a travesty! There is no halo halo in Chowking Manaoag!! Uggghhhhh!!! 
 What a fanfuckingtastic day.  
 I was only driving past after the pool with my mum and I walked past it and then turned around for someone to snatch it !
  yeah what the heck. Why didn't we?! 😔 
 Stfu. You don't know how to treat someone right period. Quit tryna make people feel bad for you. 
 In such an angry mood today  
 WENT TO BRONX ZOO YESTERDAY! SAW AT LEAST MORE THAN 15 COUPLES![newLine]                          
 KSU parking services exists purely to ruin  everyone's day... $50 ticket for an hour at the rec is REDICULOUS!! 
 Tell me, how do i feel now? 
 i've been hearing this damn knocking noise for an hour!!! it keeps waking me up &gt;:/ 
 Annoyed[newLine] I hate being around people that knows NOTHING about technology... &gt;.&lt;[newLine] Ini jerawat lama bgt sembuhnya?! 
 How is it that I always forget the little things but I remember the big things for a test? 
 Group projects are not my thing...especially when you have to sit at the library and wait for them to show up to work on them. 
 Everyone is irritating me so much today. It's taking all that I have not to snap 
 Last thing I need is for you on the other end of the phone shouting at me  
  Sat here over thinking everything to the maximum as per usual 
 I totally didn't want to name my kid Kinley. I just told you that so you could use it.   
 Trains are a bitch  
 This is the second time my project group is suppose to meet and this is the second time im the only one here... What the heck? 
 Why can't I find escargot in Paris?! 
 If I hate you, I don't have the time to pick up your late night calls. Leave me alone already.    
 Go have fun with your friends and leave me alone 
 Must be not-return-any-emails-correspondence from a certain company this week. 5 people, 5 different emails. Not a single reply. 
 The two people in front of me in my lecture have not shut the fuck up the whole time. 
 Thanks for ruining my lunch!  
 Crazy how one thing can send you into such a shit mood! 
 Just spent an hour helping this guy with his paper. Why do I feel like I did all the work?   
 So stuck with what to do and no one can advise me. Ahhhh! Stupid drs!  
 Yes continue to message me off his facebook because that's a good idea. [newLine]     .    🌊🍹🏊🌴😎👙 
 Shit happens though 
 Waking up with headaches are the fcking worst 
 Will the waiting ever end?! He's gone too far to be let down!! :/  
 Please stop talking to me. I dont like you. 
 Some people are just not worth my time! 
 RT : My family stole my car keys, locked them in the house, &amp; left the country. That's just dandy.   ...
 Shut up!! She just got done  saying what u said !  
 Last night was awful. Today has to be better.  
 Lol today sucks 
 These moyas never shut up lol 
 These computers at school need to be updated  
 Hate headphones breaking 
 Like, if this TA doesn't fix my grade then I'm dropping. I don't need to work for a C in a class that's not required. 
 RT : When the people in sitting in front of you and behind you are both shaking their legs and your desk is like an earthqua ...
 i just poured my heart out to you knowing i wasnt gunna get an answer.. yettt i am still waiting for one ? #💔 
 Can i just be home already 
 Shut the fuck up. This is a study area. Not play drums on the desks and sing.  
 I'm getting really sick of being everyones taxi 
 RT : Ini jerawat lama bgt sembuhnya?! 
 I'm tired. Hurry the fuck up! 
  am I a bad person for wanting to see Victoriaville and Gatineau win their series?  
 Easters been shit so far !!! Havnt gone out once !!! #sore#sad#annoyed#jealousofevery1#tired#brokenleg !!
 Alright I'm ready to be home. 
 Currently .
  knows how to piss me off the most   hahahaha
 It's Tiffiny Daugherty. (Dar-Dee) NOT (Doy-Ter-Ree)! Get it right or don't say it. Thanks. 
 Kaya ka pala nagdedelete   
 Oh Mai gash. Your posts, are so full of       😭
 Such a boring weekend , nothing to do.[newLine]   😡
 My mom's having her drama talk again. Now's totally not the right time.  
 If these girls complain about how long it takes them to get home from here im going to get up and slap their ugly faces. 
 aiden needs to start listening 
 what a day full of shit... 5PM please hurry - cause this day full of probs needs to be over
 I wanna do this to pretty much everyone today..          
 It's not even seven! 
 RT :  you have the worst coverage. I have never had so much hate for a company than I do right now. 
 This is seriously so stupid, and will never work  
 So I hit my head on the edge of my desk wen I was wakin up...now my forhead is bleedin...Dats juss GREAT!!!-_-  
  loser come back into my life :(   
 Seriously stop being lazy and get up and go yourself. I have other things I need to do  
 I'm not cranky, but don't scare me when I'm half asleep &amp; expect me to not be bitchy 👿 ughhh 
 Thanks a lot...  
 Not the day to annoy me -.- 
 When I have classes like this, I'm thankful for headphones. 
 Every damn time i go to do a packet there are pages missing 
  hahaha that photo!!! Hilarious, they definitely are evil doing it so often! 
 F sharp and G sharp melodic minors are going to be the death of me.  
 It seems like your always  😒
 My flickin' game hadda update  :|
 Old people anger me so much, I don't ever want to be old 
 Making waves at work! It's the wrong week to be on my bad side!  
 RT : Seriously, shut up. 
 Always in such a mood with myself atm err 
 Waiting for nothing   
 my cat is the only one who loves me..   
 Why lie? I'm gonna find out eventually?..   
  to my sister zzzwerlz and the lady titans upsetting the number 1 seed   … 
 I'm going sleep   😴
 I never thought I'd say this but i really want school to come back already this vacay sucks      
 If you blow up my news feed on Instagram, Twitter, or even Facebook.....count yourself unfriended or blocked! 
 You cant sell sneaks and have a picture of you wearing the same pair 
 how many times  can you make someone try to draw straight lines 
 When my math teacher snaps his fingers at us. Like um no don't do that. 
 okay I give up. I hate everything. 
 I swear the govt is pro-cancer. Medicare Has Stopped Paying Bills For Medical Diagnostic Tests.  
  through Hiawassee. Almost an hour ago. 
  i'm about to right now. 
 Sucks how much I really wanted to go to opening week this season  .. ⚾
 So much gossip goes on when you work with all women...I would love to have a man boss 
 I think the only 2 people who can decide if Miley and Liam should get married are  and Liam Hemsworth.  
 Benito! no me dejas hacer nada😠 
 👿
 I wish I could have gone with   
 Worst mood possible. 
 angry[newLine] arsenal diserved the win, but shitty is a team full of wankers! 
 It's like one step forward and 20 steps back 
 This has seriously been the second time a teacher has taken lanes phone and then texted me..  
 Words can't describe what it feels like to think it's slipping out of your hands and you can't do a single thing  
  hahahaha!!! Oooooooo  
 RT : Everybody and their freaking Tbt... 
  😒
 I find it incredibly annoying when someone asks me the same thing more than 10 times. You wanna know? Remember it the FIRST time. 
 RT : I stayed by the DFW airport last night surprisingly the Denny's was by the Westin and not La Quinta 
 Excuse you. 
 My dad &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 My professor was talking bout having hoes today lol  know I was tuned in... I'm tryna gain
 Screw this, I'm done  
 When I have my headphones on the means Leave me alone. 
 It should be illegal for anyone in America not to speak fluent English 
 Do u ever get an email that upsets your whole day? Well i just did   
 ": Jogando  birds cm a mom. Yowih so ta atirar os passaros d qualquer" nunca cnsegui ganhar esse way
 Well, it works fine with my headphones in, but not on my dock...
 This r just getting out of hand#annoyed#defeated#wastedtime#needabreak
 RT : This is dumb!   
  Great read, nare a mention of my good deed  haha
 RT : Goodness people just need to grow up 
 Next person I see on Instagram doing one of those knockout things is getting unfollowed. 
 Being stuck at ESU with no car sucks!!!   
  I was literally yards from Larry and then someone beat me to it!!!!  !!!
 3 HOUR DELAY!!!  
 When people turn up their head phones all the way and I can hear their music perfectly &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 I cant do this anymore 
 “: No girl🙅 wants to hear👂 about your "Other girls. 👥👧👩👸🙎🙋👫"” &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; SO TRUE!!!!!  
 Why are you so nosey and not understand anything 
 How long is it going to take for this stupid snow to clear away!  
 Writing a research paper about the affects of obesity makes me want to never eat again 
 When it takes me longer to walk to class than the amount of time I spent in class&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 Sometimes I reallllllly hate that I chose to go to gvsu 
 Sjukt!!! Hur kan man behandla djur på det här sättet!!??   
 Why did I do that? 
  nooooo!!! 😲😠😠😠   
  😔I'm tired I want to sleep but can't
 Should've just taken applied history... 
 Invest in some headphones and turn your music off in the library 
 Missed my  tweet...    
 Make up your mind &gt;.&lt; 
 17 exams coming up and only 2 are resits. What the fuck?! I can't accept this shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -.-"     
 Thanks for your obnoxious novels I now have 25% battery 😒 .
 Literally about to drop kick this girl laughing like a monkey in the MSC. 
  urghhhhhhh
 My mom annoys me as to how she tries to live youth years thru me  
 RT : The Lafayette crew team is the rudest group of people I have ever met. Go back to your own school. You don't run Stetso ...
 gym with no earphones.. wouldn't advise anyone to approach me in there 
  Also just remembered, I've forgot my lipsal     
  i cant bc i am an international fan 
 Just bc you're an ed major, doesn't mean you should act like a child.   
 f**kers just push in front. Mostly men. Never mind chivalry where's common curtesy?! 
 STOP KICKING MY DESK!!! 
 Ready for this day to be over 
 This day is literally dragging some serious ass!!! ...
 RT :  I was literally yards from Larry and then someone beat me to it!!!!  !!!
 People in virginia drive like fucking retards  
 “: ” story of my life
 I'm so annoyed I could only play like 10 minutes today,  
 Miss this kid so much :(        ?  … 
 Need to hit the gym to get rid of this mood!!! 
 Math has a fantastic way of pissong me off. 
 Seriously. Shut the fuck up. 
 Things start to look up &amp; then bam they start crashing 
 Was just playin bball and got so heated!! 
 I can't do this shit no more 
 tired of being a punk-ass loser...seriously thinking that Im no good... 
 RT : the rumors are priceless about yesterday.. For people that werent there get your facts right 
 Our new arrivals of -        3-Pack are in. [newLine]  
 Practically being called stupid is a great feeling 
 Why is it so hard for you to understand these plans... Its really simple. 
 Mr. P, I will beg you please just let me sit there and do nothing all class I'm so done with today.      
   sleepless    😄😄😄😄 
 Little less talk and a lot more action when it comes to being outside in the woods and on the lake would be much appreciated 
 I'm so over excessive use of hashtags!!       o      
 i got murdered right now  
 My uncle is so annoying -_- 
 FFS Why won't Mint just mount the 2TB HDD I've installed? I've got another to go in too. 
 I'm taking Syracuse over Indiana tonight...  
 This macbook is so frustrating. yes lets not let me log into my school email. thank you. no its cool. really i don't mind. 
 Look at dis freak..wanna open ya pore here abi RT :   hehehe! I knw y ur not happy!...hmmm! Oris!
 I'm too tired for this....  
 Been working on my car for awhile and still cant get my headlight to stay on by itself  
 when almost half of your group is missing&lt;&lt; 
 RT : You never tell me anything. 
 I would get sick on my spring break.  
 This is dumb!   
 I don't understand how a pair of size 5 skinny jeans can go missing in my house when I'm the only one who can fit into them... 
 This chicks phone keeps going off.... Like, stop.  😒
 I just love when people don't do their job. 
 Traffic. Hitting every red light, pothole, speed bump, road closure, detour, etc.    😒🚙🚦🚧. 
 That canceled my track meet today 
 Omg just stop ill do my own project with a partner or not 
 This better not take long.. 
 I don't get why parents think they know everything, THEY DON'T. 
 why did you have to tell me that.. especail right now! you couldnt wait 
 My brother is so fucking annoying. 
 RT : UofA is wrecking everybodys brackets today.   
 why dont these practice tests tell me what i got wrong 
 kinda funny, i consider people close or important to me, and i either get the cold shoulder or from the beginning it was bullshit 
     and    
  Track &amp; Trace BY201931476GB needed for today!   what every happened to FIRST CLASS R/Delv? 3 days &amp; NO delivery! 
                :)
 Jordan burchfield is an ass. Bullying is serious not a joke! Its the bullies fault not the victims!! Grow up!!!!! 
 There are just some things guys should never say. I am .
  has the worst mailing service I've ever had! It's the 3rd time I send a box and magically disappears!  
 I HATE when my father honks his horn instead of coming to the door to get me....like no YOU invited me to lunch!!!!! 
 my cat is the only one who loves me..  
 I just want this to be over and done with  
 I hope this social networking about Iggy lasts as long as Kony 2012 did.  
  if you attack me you will be hurt.   
 I'm in such a bad mood today. [newLine] Regretting taking precalc.  
 Im about to just walk out of class... 
 And just now Charter calls. Why did my clients mother put her autistic sons number as the primary contact? HE CAN'T TALK TO YOU! 
 RT : Missed my  tweet...    
 RT : I could be outside right now on this beautiful day but I haveta clean up after you again. 
  mmm i know btw i forgot my iphn passcode gggggrrrrr and cell is OFF 
 Make up yo mind.... 
 Trying to find an outfit for today = hardest decision of my life  😳👗
 When people touch you in the hall way, did I give you a vibe that I wanted you to touch me? If so I'm sorry  
 This clown experiment is NOT FUNNY! It's scary to see children like that...   
 ": ": Jogando  birds cm a mom. Yowih so ta atirar os passaros d qualquer" nunca cnsegui ganhar esse way"eu ja
 I hating waiting....  
 So this whole trying to be a good college student fucking sucks.   
 The one day I get to sleep in and I'm wide awake ready for my day at 10am. Everything is wrong with this picture.  
 Have I mentioned how much I hate group projects? Because I hate them a whole lot. Do people not realize how big of a grade it is?! 
 One of those times I really don't want to be home anymore..  
 all i want is a few days abroad.. why wont anyone help me out with this?! #depressed#lacking#sun
 i wish my eyelid would stop twitching  
 and I have to go to the hospital tomorrow to get MORE blood work done  
 Can't wait to get away from everyone 😒[newLine] RT : Literally just missed Larry by seconds!!!!!!! I ran for it and someone else beat me to it at the gates in turners cross!! ...
 Photo: A typical day of my life     
 RT : This is getting a tad emotionally exhausting  
 This guy in the stall. Took off his shirt. Threw it over the door. And is now encouraging his bowels to move faster.   
 The more i think about last night, the madder and madder i get.. 
 ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING SUBTWEETS. IM MOVING ON. IM FUCKING DONE. I DON'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE HAVE TO SAY, LET ME BE.  
 Cool. Cause that's just what I frickin needed today. 
 the static cling that comes from dry fit shirts is unheard of... it's an XL for the soul reason of not clinging. 
 Phones going on do not disturb. 
 This girl really needs to be quiet I can't even deal with the amount of stories she has on a daily basis &amp; interrupts the teacher 
 RT : There is no need to lie. Just be honest! 
 Need a drink NOW! 
  If only I could get 1 bus to Tyldesley from Farnworth, I'd make you my local! No decent pubs up here. 
 Girl sitting next to me listening to music and dancing PLEASE STOP! you're not in dance class!   
 Leave me alone! 
 Facebook isn't twitter so quit setting your status every fricken 10 minutes.  
 If you don't know how to do your job without being rude, get another job    😒😠
 Can't wait to move out of this dorm. 
 :((((   
 You do not need to tag me in your comment on my picture on insta. I get the nofo anyway 
 Absolute nightmare when the bus doesn't turn up 
 “: When you type "Little Mix" in tumblr you get a lot of Perrie pictures. I love her, but the other girls too! .”
 the rumors are priceless about yesterday.. For people that werent there get your facts right 
 You don't understand how you make me feel 
 Why does time fly? .. 
 AGH NAIINIS AKO AYOKO NG GANITO!!! &gt;_&lt; FB WALA BANG WAY PARA DI MAKITA SA NEWSFEED KO POSTA NIYA? 
 Funny when the tables are turned the rules are all of a sudden different  #&lt;/3  
 So many emotions going through my mind right now.      
 RT : When you type "Little Mix" in tumblr you get a lot of Perrie pictures. I love her, but the other girls too! .
 Hopefully getting a little shut eye before class.. I need to wake up with a new attitude  
 Why is life so fucking cruel  😡😡😡😡😡😡😔
  😢
 I dont know much about politics but i do know that obama says one thing and does another. 
 My advisor  must love making me play hide n seek or something 
 School    
  . 
 Phone tripping 
 Um isn't my birthday this weekend too?  
 RT : so sick of talking about college. I just wanna know where I'm going now and have that be the end of it 
 I should probably just stay off twitter. 
 Can't do fuck all arghh annoying 
 Now my gums hurt from eating that damn apple. [newLine] I dont want to dress up. 
 You don't have to yell when you talk, no one cares. 
 why is it when you like someone they like someone else, but when someone likes you you dont like them at all. 
 why do I even try with you anymore?   😒
 Some people just really piss me off!  Makes me wonder why I even bother. Ugh!!! 
 I wish people would mind there own business in this school .. 
 Oei Xavi is boos!!   
 you can go jump off a cliff for all I fucking care. shoot I'll even sign your suicide letter. 
 Can Chinese shops please install swiping machines? 
 Put a sea monkey into Tiarra's fish tank and then her fish ate my sea monkey!!!   
 Accident on 35? No problem not like I have a class to get to  
 The Roxy needs to step up it's game... 
 RT : If it was legal I would shoot you 
 RT : I hate children I am never having them. EVER 
 Not gonna get anything done today 😑[newLine] CVS lost my photos. 
 Why can't anthing go as planned. There's no point is setting up my schedules when someone always messes it up 
 Tried of always having to make the effort 
 Have to work today when I'm supposed to be on spring break. Never covering anyone's shift again. No one ever does it in return -_- 
 You've got to be kidding me right now   
 Angry Birds egg 😍🔝💋          
 Thanks to the bastard who decided to steal my blazers! 
 I need tinted windows! I'm tired of catching creepys checking out my side profile...  
 Why is she saying metaphor like mey-tah-four? 
 Dear the Twat who thought it would be funny to open my cake box while going up stairway 3 today, You owe me £6.  
 Ugh! My Macy's doesn't carry  fragrance!!! WHAT THE FUCK!! 
 shh shh shh...shut your mouth.  😡
 Omfg turn your ghetto ass music down or off  
 I cant believe I missed an important work conference in Minneapolis because I forgot to put the event in my calendar... 
 When you show up to work &amp; your shift isn't till later&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] The cold just does not want to go away 
 “: A prime example of indoctrination in our public schools. ” I'm not really surprised. 
 I wish I could be an asshole like you! 
  nah, remains free but you have so many goes but i u fail level u then ave to wait a bit for more lives 
 RT : i just hate how i kept it so real with the ones who ain't even kept it real with me  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
 . Aka move. NOW.
 Guess I shouldn't have done this shit. Damn I'm getting !
 I Wake Up To A Text Saying Im A Hoe Wow People Know How To Ruin My Day 
  ugh I can't watch it till late tonight! 
 I love my parents n all but get me the hell outta this house!!! 
 RT : Currently .
 I absolutely can NOT stand when people don't answer the phone. 
 US Airways is honestly terrible 
 Kau mok ilang suara ataupun slow sikit suara yaa? Ney kau mok?  
 How cool do you feel now? 
 Who lets these idiots on the Chase  
 Doctors call for ban of  use in farm animals as   human  hit 'dangerous level' 
 Only thing that can ruin this beautiful day? My game getting cancelled. 
 It's been over a year...move the fuck on already [newLine] Don't you just hate being let down my own fault should've known better really x 
  I'm being stalked. After I sent that tweet A DIFFERENT  person snapchatted me videos of the eating a hoagie. 
 This is one of the many reasons I hate not having my car here  
 Nothing pisses me off more than candy crush 😡 
   Not only is the story horrid... but they are on ALMOST everyday..what happened to "balance"...  
 This old man is cyclin through ALLLL the possible ringtones the iPhone has. 
 Rain makes class even slower... is it 4 yet?  
 RT : Tha awkward moment when you open your door to find a drunk girl with absolutely no pants on..  
 RT : When people just ignore your text&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] RT : everybody under 18 is gunna get unfollwed except the ones i know cause ya too annoying !
 Writing a research paper about the effects of obesity makes me want to never eat again 
 Made to look a mug again shit mood dunno what to do tonight 
 Love being woke up out my sleep. 
 Thanks![newLine] I just your 路人甲乙丙丁![newLine] #angry#unknown reason#.______________.
 Night. 
 Literally just missed Larry by seconds!!!!!!! I ran for it and someone else beat me to it at the gates in turners cross!!!! !!!
 When you type "Little Mix" in tumblr you get a lot of Perrie pictures. I love her, but the other girls too! .
 Lecture about the basics of interviewing in a class about HTML/CSS. Absolutely unnecessary.  
 Currently  flow  style 
 RT : Man is my class ever annoying. You have the annoying people and then u have the quiet normal/crazy people. My seat par ...
 Cannot express my anger for people who completely disrespect people with something wrong with them &amp; laugh at them!!  
 Do you even know how hard I try  
 Truly devastated by this --&gt; Voted against it but clearly money = power.   
 Dorman shut the hell up, you just need to stop. 
 Really sick of all the drama. 
 RT : When kids in the back of the class don't shut up. 
 Why is it so impossible to make everyone happy? 😫 
 I love this clarity that I was so oblivious to before.  but 
   I'm 
 never knew becoming apart of the  would I get so much shit.  
 Annoying kids on this train !   
  over £9000 if our car is taken with these keys....thank you....I guess every little helps 
 RT : I'm so done with today. It honestly can't get any worse.....  
  they were pale pink 
 some shops seriously need to get their sizing right.. i want a size FOUR not a twelve     😔
 RT : “: Can't stand people today ”
 RT :  JEBANE PIZDY !! JESZCZE RAZ A NIERĘCZE ZA SIEBIE :x 
 The moment when someone uses your pain to their advantage  
 Jessica and i are annoyed and you dont see us tweeting about it. . 
 oh my god. Can I not get a job anywhere?? 
 God the MTGO Beta is absolute trash. Peaple who defend it are insane...
 McHi days shall be the death of me! I have to drive around the parking lot 4 times before a spot opens up. 😠😑👎  
 RT : my mother decided to tidy my room and now i have work missing.. thanks mum :/ 
 I wish I could enjoy my spring break instead of working all the time... 
 i feel like you love her more then you ever loved me and you barely know her...    
 I absolutely hate when people make me late.. 
 it's obvious you're tweeting about me. say it too my face, I'm a big girl.[newLine] Well nice to k ow your making an effort. Oh wait your not. As usual. . 
 Everybody and their freaking Tbt... 
 K I understand y'all are like in love and shit but can you please fucking walkkkkk!! 
 I'm so done with today. It honestly can't get any worse.....  
 I swear some people are just plain PIGS   
 RT : Traffic. Hitting every red light, pothole, speed bump, road closure, detour, etc.    😒🚙🚦🚧.  ...
 Dejar tu celular cargando la noche anterior para que en la mañana veas que tu hermana se acabo media batería chateando ....
 Lil bro singing Oh MacDonald had a Farm eeya eeya yo 
 My GCOM teacher just called me Helen  
 FRUSTRATED[newLine] Seriously! This holiday is the most boring holiday ever &gt;&lt; 
 how the f-ck are we suppose to find a place to live when no one is around ever to show us the places.. 
 RT : Whaaat is going on on  right now?   
 Hallie said she was taking me 
 Yep I need to hurry up!  Going to enjoy my week vacation with friends then back and getting to it! 
 Here I hav an idea how bout we stop arguing about stupid shit![newLine] Not a good day so far.... Mehhh! [newLine]  ? 
 Old people think they own the grocery store.. Run into my heels one more time ! 
 But why is there's always something going on with the 7th train? ! 
  wat do u mean by dat? 
 I don't get why you're bitching about being single when I've been waiting for you this whole time... 
 Can't stand people today 
 RT : That's the only time you EVER hit me up -- is when you need something. 
 just found out that taylor swift is gonna be in the New girl finale. why must you ruin everything taylor. 
 RT : I can't even deal with the rest of this school day. 
 grow the fuck up 
 To the people talking with everyone studying around you and staring at you in annoyance....just stop. 
 So, I have gone nuclear. I have been fobbed off with patronising lawyer's excuses. They say it'll be fine anyway. I can only wait. 
 Honestly wish people would actually do there work or Molnar would just fail them 
 Another night of this shit with Jesse#Annoyed
 I'm in such BAD MOOD right. Everyone needs to leave me alone😡 
 Driving on Wards this time of day makes me want to pluck my eyelashes out one by one    🚙🚗🚕🚛🚌🚚
 That moment when you decorate something and it gets destroyed..       
 My hair is at that awkward stage where it should be getting cut but I want it to grow arghh 
 Class registration is bad enough! 49erExpress needs to get it together! 
 Ppl in norman for real needs to learn how to drive!!!!! 
 RT : Can't stand people today 
 RT : Why the fuck would you blow your nose infront of me while im eating? 
 So you tell me to come in at 6 one day and then the day of you tell me 4? Are you kidding me?!?   So much for my plans.
 WHY IS EVERYTHING SO DIFFICULT!! 
 Noooo~ my Starcraft account got hack now I can't play that game anymore. I guess I can't play anymore game.  
 ....  .
  ... like usual.
     Difference between TMT AND TOR steel bars?
 RT : 8 treadmills at the Laurier gym is more than enough  
 Really want to crawl back into bed and start this day all over again. 
 I want gay rights to pass so we don't have to hear that shit anymore 
 When my brother doesn't shut up &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  😡
 What's the point of making an appt if you still gotta wait more then 20 minutes past your appt time 
 “: Can't stand people today ”
 Today is one of those days that I really just wanna punch someone in the face. 
 Really can't take the U-Scan at the grocery store sometimes. In the age of iPads it should work better than a 1970's calculator 
 I really hate Physics at the moment. 
 If I call you, I plan to talk to you, NOT your dumb friends!! 
 Going crazy. Wish people had more empathy for others. At least try to understand what I'm going through &amp; work with me a little. 
 RT : Driving on Wards this time of day makes me want to pluck my eyelashes out one by one    🚙🚗🚕🚛🚌🚚
 #saeed#upset#angry#sleepy#sad#  ابتسم هدي اعصابك خلي راسك بين ايدية وخذ بوسة صلح مني كافي تتدلل عليه 
 RT : Gonna miss my bitchh  when she fuks off and leaves me :'(  
 Actually can't stand rudeness. 
 You know you woke up on the wrong side of the bed when everything just rubs you the wrong way 
 5 more days then spring break done    
 Hah  
 why is everyone so worried about my sleep schedule?? FUCK OFF! 
 My stupid phone won't connect to my data.. [newLine] Oh. My. Gosh. Didn't I JUST have my f$*%ing period!?!? #confused
 People are such . Nobody wants to see 100 photos a day from you. 
 People that hook up with people that have boyfriends/girlfriends are just as bad as the person cheating   
 Cough Cough Cough Cough Cough Cough Cough 
 I Want Coffee But Gotta Til Sunday[newLine] taking a motherfucken nap !
  if you don't fill up the brita after you drink out of it I will snap  
 well i was in a good mood and  was having a good day until 5minutes ago 
 Same feeling here. ": Zijn mijn mails niet belangrijk genoeg om op terug te antwoorden? "
 The people I work with are so lazy! Stop trying to make people do you're bitch work  
 Make ur own Angry Birds! BLACK   Push Mold Food Safe  $$$toSurvive      
 i hate the dmv!!! 
 RT : 24 exams in the space of 2 1/2 months.. That's ridiculous!! 
 Uhh why do I continue to be nice to you? 
 ": “: Life is F**ked up sometimes...[newLine] ”i new right sometime you wish that you can just start over again😜
 Cancel on me one more time for your douchebag friend and just see what happens...    😡😿😷
 Can just 1 thing go right with our kitchen  
 RT : I never thought I would say this ever, but why can't we have more homework instead of just 3 test grades. 
 People need to take better care of themselves 
  is making it impossible for me to book my flight when not one person i've spoken to speaks clear English 
 Please do us all a favor and shut up![newLine] ": Nothing worse than missing football through injury "ye I knoow ha
 Is today "Annoy Alexa Day" because it sure as hell feels like it. 
 I think my wardrobe hates me. First 7 pairs of pants rip/break, and now my shoes have decides to join this party. 
 I hate being randomly touched by people, if it's not necessary dont fucking touch me. 
 I thought medicine was supposed help you...not make you feel like shit. Wtf.  
 RT :  can't believe you haven't even followed me back after I let u sit next to me!!!    😢
 RT : I think people should have to retake drivers ed . So many fucking stupid drivers. 
 My foot has been poked and prodded so much. Just put a screw in it and be done!  @ Marshall… 
 Y'all should grow the hell up and stop talking shit!    &lt;3Haters!
 there is some fucking immature kids in this school 
 Everyone in English got to watch titanic the movie and our class got to watch documentary of the survivors:( 
 Cieeee, in love ni yeeeyyy RT : Ini jerawat lama bgt sembuhnya?! 
 I keep trying to get back on this treadmill but I can't stop feeling nauseous 😔 
 Some 7th graders on my bus need to learn not to shout every word you say!!😒
 Some wb students are just classless 
 I find your humor in Gay Marriage as funny as your dick size. Main Reason why I left that town and Ohio...   
 Odio que hagan esoo!!    
  I don't even know if would call what they do "embracing" 
 Home.. Home.. Home.. Please ? 
 Wow.really "so how many undocumented people are in your circle" who asks that??? preceded by "how long have u been in the states" 
 RT : So much gossip goes on when you work with all women...I would love to have a man boss 
 I am not a ratchet bitch, but I can be a bitch. 
 I hate when people automatically assume I'm gonna do something 
 Next time I want to go to the beach for spring break😒   
 Just kidding . No idea why I was looking forward to this. 
 - 
 I need a job ! Stop profiling out of staters. I'm not going anywhere!!! 
 i can't find a perfect header 
 Stupid fucking immature loud people &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; GET THE FUCK OUT.  
  !!
 Oh my gosh get me out of 6th period!!!   😳 
 I WON'T ALWAYS ANSWER MY PHONE 
  this class   😠😡
 this weather is really making me MAD! 
 Stupidly packed train, not enough room for bags and people 
 it's always a great time when your mom walks away from you in Costco.  
  av got some good news for you like bud on that story! Which bitch has took me fucking hat! 
 I've learned the only person you can count on is yourself.  
 RT : Some wb students are just classless 
 I feel sick to my stomach what kind person takes their children with them while cheating on their partner   
 People who take up the right and left armrest. Yours is the right one...  
 I honestly want to punch everyone that I come I contact with!!  
 Idk what a duvet is but Im never buying one again 
 I feel like God just loves to play jokes on me...my life is just a book of jokes...seriously though.   
 There will always be that one person that just knows how to push your buttons.  
 Tryin to stay positive... but i jus hate when people tell me that im less than what i am. 
 My phone likes to load twitter but nothing else  
 It always takes so long for me to get my nails done! 
 So annoyed being talked that way&lt;&lt;  
 I think I'd rather be deff right now! 
 Their is some fucking ignorant people in the world 
 RT :  to a dead man  
 Fuck Trinity high school 
 RT@iMechanicJDM: Nothing aggravates me more when I plan something ahead of time and it still doesn't come out the way I want it to 
 RT : Everyday its something new w. Youuu 
 Just read about what happened to Mrs. Vinion. Who the fuck does that. 
 Pretending your face is the ball today...  
 Why the hell aren't pictures loading for me 
 Why does everyone in my house think they can just walk in my room, I do have privacy you fucking twats!! 
 I think that some of our customers are just asking to be made fun of  
 A Bad Temper Can Leave Scars | Aha!NOW     management    
 Those moments when you really have to stop yourself punching the shit out of someone.   
 Hate being at the doctors they take so freaking long.. 
 You told your mom you wouldn't be able to see me anyways... K you're not gonna be able to see her either. I don't understand. 
 Photo: Odio que hagan esoo!!    
 Hate myself so much 
 This is so frustrating  
 Hey   You have express lanes for a reason, please enforce the limits that you have posted! 
 I love going 10 mph on i4, gonna be late  
 definatly ready to leave school  
 Prince Louis is a royal jerk.    
  Why does matchmaking match me against players of my skill but never WITH them? My team is always the bottom 2% of gamers. 
 RT : Please stop talking to me. I dont like you. 
 Chilling in my brothers sweatshirt #birds#too#small#love#it#anyway 
 Oh goodie. I'm stressing about having a ride to work. Again. 
 I would love to put a dirty sock in your mouth and maybe you'd stop your annoying ass giggling  
 Trying to root my phone again, sooooo complicated 
 Oh, bitch it's on now. When you mess with my best friend you mess with me. Come at me bro.   ~B
 Oh my freaking god bitch just learn how to shut up!  !  
 You selfish, spoiled little prick 
 RT : Were doing so much work before the day before easter break..  
 Can't wait to get away from all of this bullshit!   
 Lesson of the day, be open minded, and treat everybody like its their last day. 
 If you have dry cracked feet please don't wear sandles. 
 I'm bout to be so freakin mean for the rest of the night. I can feel it.  👿
 Jus hate        
 RT : This is 9th period not a hug every gosh darn person you see period.   
 Don't shop here first if you're not willing to carry your stupid little bag thru the mall  
 Fuck man! Okay I get it I'm up 
 Shiiit because of my back shift tommorw a can't get my tattoo! 
 Six different phone numbers later &amp; anthem finally gets their shit together and transfers me to the right place  
 “: Someone can't open a bag of chips..  ” and I still can't.  😡
 That one teacher that is always late to your meeting with her...   I could be studying instead...
 I have never been called so many negative things and received so many negative comments in my life 
 Some of the EC confessions on FB are disgusting!! There's just something's you don't need to confess.  
 8 Easter Eggs # Birds idKinder Surprise Toy Story Cars Disney Princess Barbie Eggs Candy Surprises 
 This shit just makes me so angry 
 This is why you don't talk to strangers 
 It should not be this difficult to print at the library. 
 Who knew eating yogurt could be so difficult?  
 Eww! Never Talk To Me Again! 
 Please , I'd rather you not pour bong water in to my drink ..  
 I'm actually so pissed.  
 Why don't shops ever have anything in my size!!!  😡
 RT : You know you woke up on the wrong side of the bed when everything just rubs you the wrong way 
 OSU decided to add the class I absolutely needed to the summer schedule after I panicked and signed up for it at Toledo 
 Arizona has this tonight😁🏀❤💙!   
 Photo:  Birds  haha 
 That's it. I'm permanently attaching my ID to my hand when I go downtown. It gets lost whether I'm drunk or not.  
 I just don't get why you promised me not to do anything stupid, then 10 minutes later do something stupid 
 Guys taking pictures with no shirts on is not the scene anymore ! Cut it out 
  and yet a drug that can cure lung cancer, at £4,000 a time is deemed 'too expensive'.  
 What's the polite way of telling someone to "get the f**k out my house" ?  
  in every way possible
 Not in the mood for this today..[newLine] If i hit one more red light I'm gonna be so mad 
 My mom better not be mad when she get home &amp; see my brother got a black eye.  
 that started from the bottom song is so fucking annoying  
  she told me she would take me 
 I can't do this anymore...This is stupid. Console your child please.  
 TO THE THREE SEPARATE PEOPLE I JUST CALLED: it really pisses me off when you don't answer your phones. 
 Nothing aggravates me more when I plan something ahead of time and it still doesn't come out the way I want it to 
 Get the fuck out of my business 
 Imma slap the shit out of Trevor! 
 -___-
 The sign clearly says "Alarms set stop!!" Can people not read?  
 I don't think I can take much more of this!  
 As if it wasn't bad enough I'm so pale I can see my veins   
 This gay rights stuff is getting out of hand 
 That was not cool.  😪
 I hate it when girls just stop right infront of me in the hall way when I am obviously trying to get to class   😡
 If you're one of those people who only talk to me when you need something, please shit in your hand and clap 
 I really want to go to bed, but I can't 
 Lost phone wiv all my  pics and songs and make matters worst cant get any songs back cause not on itunes anymore!  
 Typical. Seriously just my luck. As I walk in to the airport I get a text saying my flight has been delayed 2 hours. 
 I hate when niggas assume shit that be pissing me off. I'm single. No I don't have a boyfriend Wtf. 
 This succcccks 
 I think its rediculas that we have to pay more for people who don't go out and work. Why do we suffer? 
 Where the heck are my eggs?!?!?! 
 Can't wait to see the canadiens take the pens in 7 again 
 Still can't believe moons have raised the price of pints up to £2.50     
 Today's nemesis... I hate you right now printer!     
 I'm not too fond of this manager . 
 Really wish this person would stop staring at me every other minute. 
 It's only cause it's true for me too. 
 Lol I'm not you receptionists tell her your fucking self if you want to talk to her that bad 
 Omg i'm such an idiot!!   
 I just opened my bag to find my laptop covered in scratches, anyone who knows me knows how much care I give to my stuff  😡😡😡😡
 Why are people such slow walkers!!!!![newLine] If some body could help me find my baseball mitt id be very happy. 
 RT : Can't stand people who don't reply but post on Facebook and twitter  
 That moment that you see something that just makes your stomach turn  
 Im just not gonna speak to anybody today  
 Can this day go by a little faster please. I'm a little off.    
 Trying to understand people that post on social media EVERY time they work out. Is this a form of vanity?    
 RT : I swear some people are just plain PIGS   
 This is 9th period not a hug every gosh darn person you see period.   
 Gym forever . 
 RT : Girls are messy..! That's exactly why I only have a few friends that are girls..![newLine] Like really get a life..![newLine] How is it possible that my sister ordered something off of eBay after me and hers got here before mine.  
 The fuck is with all these Asians smoking?! Like excuse me you aren't from here... Don't tarnish my air.  
 Excuse me, boy sitting in the hallway across from me. TURN YOUR YOUTUBE VIDEOS OFF. 
 Video games bring out the worst in me..
 So annoyed with you. I don't even want to come home later today.  
 Stupid phone 
 RT : People that hook up with people that have boyfriends/girlfriends are just as bad as the person cheating  # ...
 If it wasn't for bio I would be back home in Hamilton by now ..... 
 When you work with only females ...there will always be DRAMA!  
 😔🔫 
  I had 2 straight away, but had to go and do that cooker because I forgot bout it !! Just got in 
   I def answered the correct answer before that kid.. 
 Find Out: How Annoying Is Your Spouse?      
 I really dont feel like talking to you right now.  
           
  Birds  haha 
 My BIGGEST pet peeve is waiting on people. Don't tell me you're coming and then go do something and make me wait. 
 Lol. So over this year. 
 “: that started from the bottom song is so fucking annoying  ” I love that song
 If you don't go school and you're year 9 you're a dick not a 'legend' 
 Damn I Wish Shon Was Around Here 
 Wondered why the paps were there ughhh 
 I will never understand those people who feel the need to put everyone down, are you that insecure about yourself? 
 I wish all the kids in my bus would die.   
 Thank god I have jack to vent too. 
 I just want to scream... 
 #so#mad#angry#haha#girl#tragus#labret#eyebrowpiercing#piercing#streched#ears#bodymod#earsstrech… 
  though -_- 
 Somethings I'd just rather not know.  
 Fuck everything 
 I'm ready to go home now... [newLine] Makes me angry I have to wait till May before I get to see the Stroke Clinic! 
 Well that pol sci midterm went well   
 RT : OMG shut up!! 😠🙉🙈 
  hay oe senziwa ama doh strait nje manje  with a steam#
 I take one day off and I fail everything. Guess I'm done with that.  
 If you're going to get a tattoo, don't get something a million other people have.. like stars. Do something different. 
 RT : Trying to switch cases is such a struggle for me! 
 Why must you make sounds like your orgasming while workung out..   
 ! Quit saying that One Direction hates us... they dont. They hate that some fans ctashed Gregs weeding! Jeez!
 I hate when i freakin come.into ghering n i come in b4 ppl they get seen b4 me!!!!  
 Wow, the happy is all   with me right now.    
  
 Well this was a huge slap in the face.  
 I just wanna know when you're coming and details , that's all i want L seriously !  
 RT :  time for an  
 One more song about being in love and I'm going to flip shit 
 RT : So annoyed with you. I don't even want to come home later today.  
 I'm about done with today  
 Hahaha. I found out so many lies. 
   yea would be nice to plan a trip if I wasn't just raped 80 quid for a car that's already been declared sworn! 
  FGCU baby! 
 These people in class need to shut the fuck up! -.- 
 Ugh driving all the way to red hot and then finding out they have a power cut 
 What an absolute cop out! 
 Can you just not ✋ 
 RT : This shit is endless. 
 When I get no sleep.... I get so mad and irritated 😡 
 People make me mad. 
 RT : Hate when you call people and they don't answer their phone but they are writing tweets!  
 My Bible is literally just gone. How does this even happen? 
 RT : Already done for the day. 
 my discussion teacher's voice is just so ... ughhhh! 
 I don't know this weird girl but somehow she's knows me. 
 Why the fuck doesn't ANY store have plain white dresses I mean its not like its spring or anything 
 i have been sitting in the doctors office for an hour, this is not okay. 😩 
 When did that happen?...no1 tells me stuff,  
 I just wanna cry. [newLine] I remember that time when you lied to me.. 
 RT : Lets just give another award to boys basketball please!!!  
 RT : There is no joy in being a girl    
 Doctors are a bunch of fucking twats! Clearly they need to go back to med school!      :'(
 Just wish you'd hold me and say you loved me.. 
 There's some girls in this world that no matter how hard I try I just won't like  
 This bitch will be lucky if I can make it through the next 3 hours without putting my fist through her face.  
 This shit is endless. 
 When ever im writing a story i cant ever think of names:( #frustrated
 Nice n' 
 RT : Gadammmm if yall mufuckas Dont STFU wit dat  bullshit bruhhh !!!!! SHUT THA HELL UP !!!!!!!! tf ?!!  ...
 “: Hit me with the frisbee again and I'll shove it up your ass ”😂😂😂
 Sigh new eye candy why you.... so.... ugh 
 When people crunch on chips during class &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 And so it fuckn starts, can't say I'm surprised I expected nothin else frm sum1 like u 
 Not happy at all  😠
 Some people just  don't care about other people's feelings. You fucking self centered cunt! It's alllll about you of course. 
 Why is there no good courses to take during the summer 
 Thinking i need to take a walk when i get home and clear my fucking mind. 
 Seriously, if you're not driving over 70mph, get the fuck out of the left lane.  
 stfu bro, you're so damn annoying and nobody cares what the fuck you say 
  fuck face yyou.never met me... 
 Freaken advisor taking forever. -_- 
 who the actual fuck hashtags their emotions though, like    I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
 When will you grow up or go back to Jr high? 
 I feel like  and I are twins right now.  
 Dear Rick Ross, do you know how many brainless people listen and follow every word you say? Yeah.. YOU FAIL BIG TIME! 
 Very close to walking out of class and going straight to the bar 
 RT : I just wish all this shit could stop. [newLine] She's so childish 
 All I want to do right now is to slap you. 
 So un fucking reliable 
 I'm at the point where if you don't want to spend time with me I'll find someone who does. 
 Pi phi internet you win   X100
 “:  Depressing isn't it? Then again, heard Tony Blair saying similar on R4's Any Questionsin '91 
 S/o to all the people in my spanish class for being honest  
 RT : i can't handle long car rides with my brother i just can't  
  oh Ste its awfull! Failed me mot on a seat belt! Bought a new one and that don't work either! 
 Honestly ready to snap. 
 I can't stand attention whores.  
 Been here since 11 a.m doe.. wtf taking they ass so long. Damn.!!! 
 I have more hatred towards a single treadmill at the PACC than I do at any person....   
 NO NEED FOR FAKE CELEBRITY ACCOUNTS I CAN TELL THERE FAKE BECAUSE ON THE EMAIL THEIR NAMES ARE SPELT WRONG!   
 If anyone wants to spam a number..go for it..  this has gone on way too long. 
 Cool. I just love it when my computer doesn't fucking work.  
 This whole not having a car thing is killing my plans right now....  
 I hope the girl sitting in my seat can feel me glaring at her back. 
 sometimes being this small is really annoying. NONE OF MY CLOTHES FIT 
 yaaaawwwwwwnnnn! 
 I thought medicine was supposed to make you feel better....not feel like shit wtf.  
 RT : Get me out of here 
 LEAVE!!!!!!!! You are never here anyways so get out!!!! 
 Aisyah  girl   
 It's hard to get me upset but when I am, it's over!!! 
 RT : If I could kill people with my eyes...there would be a lot of dead people about the place!     ...
 Can't you take a hint? I wanna be alone  
 Still pissed none of my friends got me a bday tiara 
 I hate getting stuck behind semis 😒 
 why can i not find my gameboy? there is NO way i would have thrown it out   
 About to take my 2nd nap of the day.    
 Actually hate this TV, it's been sent away THREE TIMES to supposedly be repaired 
 I should be in Barcelona right now, but no, our teachers say its too late to us to go, and take the younger years instead 😡
 Photo:         (Photo taken and uploaded via... 
 RT : Trying to watch a movie on FX and its in Spanish.... 
 It would beneficial for everyone if you would practice what you preach.  😒
 I hate when people say tae kwon do isn't a sport. Come to one of my classes and say it isn't a sport... 
 RT : Please stop talking to him  
  
 Somehow you still make it into my dreams    💔😔
 The  live lounge video keeps freezing my safari browser so I have to turn my phone off to reset it! 
 RT :  if you don't fill up the brita after you drink out of it I will snap  
 RT : K I understand y'all are like in love and shit but can you please fucking walkkkkk!! 
  I am! But if you give me a virtual hug I will be even more excited lol 
 Questioning if past orders from  has been  like the one I just saw.  
 Omg marshall's is ten minutes away...I'm capable of driving there by myself :P   
 Dear Vendor: I emailed you &amp; called you back FIVE weeks ago. Your perky call this AM didn't help. You're off the list, sweetheart. 
 shut up, you don't love your baby. if you did your dumb ass would see him more.   
 RT : Some people just really need to grow up. 
 RT : I love having  s jackets❤ cause when i put them on I get so warm and feel like his arms are around me 💕  ...
 RT : I hate 1st period!!!!!!😡   
 It's irritating when one student takes all the professor's office hours 
 So irritable today  can't wait to get drunk tonight
 Getting frustrated at uni lectures not replying to emails. What exactly are we paying you for again?! 
 RT :  lol the  was so  and  .
  time for an  
 Dear Thursdays, I hate your freaking guts!! At least until 5pm. 
 So Why Are You Still Trying??? 
 Ken what's annoying when you do someone a massive favour and they don't once say thank you and a year later there coming the cunt 
 I'm never going to get this paper started..😒 
  where is the invite for the other brother? 
 My 8th period drives me crazy.  😒
   I'm drained I wanna shower &amp; get in bed
 wait why....😒 
 Please stop talking to him  
 This👏day👏needs👏to👏end👏 
 Had enough Mariah and Nicki to last me a life time in the first 5 min of the show..Pathetic.   
 I had to pee an hour ago. But I'm trying to nap so I roll over and try to sleep. Woke up, had to pee. Repeat it 10 times&amp; now I'm up 
 Don't brag about your 300 level class. You were once in lower classes like freshman and sophomores 
 there should be one line at every store for people who have thier shit together. 
 My phone is very near to being chucked out the window... Lost all my contacts again!!! 
  i recorded the Live: miami game last night to watch it today only for the recording to cut off in the 4th q 3:24min#angry customer!
 All you do is bitch &amp; complain. Either be together or shut the fuck up already.  
 I don't know how to shade...  
 Fucking hell I work myself up so much 
 I can't stand being another minute in this stadium!!    :/
 I am so sick of people calling in sick for work like everyday. Take some damn medicine, suck it up or don't have a job at all 
 Really Need Joe Hart on Ultimate Team PS3 to finish off my team 
 RT : I feel like  and I are twins right now.  
 RT : not in the mood today 😒 
 REALLY!! Just because I didn't text you back does NOT mean that I didn't get it!!! I WAS IN CLASS!  
 What a liar! 
 Well I guess I can't trust anyone anymore. 
 No wonder I'm always ill just caught mum handling raw chicken now playing on the tablet without washing her hands! 
 Feel like I need to punch something  
 I feel like stamping my feet and screaming its not fair! Hate that things can't be different  
 When people count on you way too much 
 I don't know what to do 
 If you don't have time for me, I don't have time for you!!! 
 I get really annoyed when people at work don't run their own food and we are slow AF 😡😤[newLine] if there were ever a time when i needed some shoulder pads a helmet and a helpless running back to crush it would be now 
 Why am I so crazy for you when I get nothing in return.   
 Life is F**ked up sometimes...[newLine] (Insert sarcastic remark towards pretentious prick here) 
 When you're trying to write a bomb ass sentence and the green squiggly line won't go away on Word.  
 RT : Nine times out of ten, shut up 
 professors at this school is fucking stupid 
 Thanks NHC for emptying my kitchen out but incase you didn't know I'm still here  
 Honestly done caring I obviously did nothing to you 
 RT :  😣
 . i am very upset.  I have multiple facebook pages that I want to connect to multiple accounts.  How do I do that??!?!?!? 
 And then there's me.   
 I can finally download sims again and I can't find my fricken disk. 
 I can't get my license until the middle of summer because my mother refused to make an appointment. [newLine] thinkin too much, and this headache isn't helpin. 
 Apparently it's dont answer Micah's phone call day today    
  I can't even believe you right now. 
 I honestly think my parents spin a wheel, titled "what are we gonna bitch about today".  😑
 mehh 
 Unless I specifically tag you in a tweet, my tweets are not about you princess   😒👎
 RT : Bitch I don't wanna hear about your problems! 
 My stats professor lectures until exactly 2:47 everyday, won't let us out a second early. 
 Cool. Mom won't let me make a dread. 
 pretty much every patient that has called today has giving me a nasty attitude, TFuck? 😠   
 Shoulda Stayed Where Df I Was At 
 Why are people complaining?!? If your anywhere but Michigan, STFU 
 Sitting in class asking myself how can these kids be so annoying.... 
 McDonald's seriously gone to the dogs, chicken nuggets used to be the best!   
 Skipped two classes today. I need to get my life together...   
 I had to pay hella money to send the damn package backk-__- rip offf 
 You say I'm adorable?        
 About to lose my mind on  ....terrible, terrible customer service 
 Something we had planned for so long  &amp; it turns out like this &lt;&lt;&lt;  8-|
 RT : If all you do is tweet drama, I'm un following you        
 I'm takin the stupidest classes history of rock. Mass media, math and chemistry like none of that shit matters in real life 
 all I want is my fucking kool-aid jammer........😑 
 Why do I always mange to see this shit for fuck sake!!!! 
 It's ridiculous how immature people are... 
 Why the hell is my english teacher such a hard marker, its like giving someone an 80 would cost her 
 I love my mom to death, but sometimes I could just punch her square in the face 😑👊 
 WARNING!!! Do NOT go to the Chilis in Oviedo!!! There was a HUGE roach crawling up the wall!   
 Stupid kids in class. 
 I haven't been this angry since sophomore year ... 
 Just saw on tv the stuff happening in Syria and realised (surprise, surprise) how fucked up this world is  
 Wtf made me think coming to Walmart on my lunch was a good idea!?
 Not happy with  I buy a ticket with wifi, I board &amp; am told to sit in car 1 BUT wifi ends up only in last car?!?   
 Feeling so  ugghhh I hate feeling like this
 RT : Some people just need to not talk 
 If there's a problem and you can't handle it with me directly, than sit down and quit bitching  
 Why are people so mean???  
 Parents need to discipline their friggen kids! If ur not going to I'll do it for ya   
 I feel really lonely right now 
 I can count numerous people who can kiss my ass right now. I'm done applying for anything! ima stick to myself and studying. 
 Nosey people piss me offfffff. 
 Seriously, you will not stay open to wait 10 mins for a client that does not have any shoes due to leaving for vacation. 
 I do everything for you. And im always here. Don't try put me down or act alone!   
 Bra cause I seriously thought you cared... I guess I was wrong [newLine] I'm just gonna spazz out!  
 For real?   
 She so childish I said I was sorry 
 RT : Lesson of the day, be open minded, and treat everybody like its their last day. 
 This whole locking my keys in my car thing can stop 
 I feel like crap. So fricken close. So close.        
 Need some prayers for my sister please.....   
 lmao at the kid in this psych experiment you have to finish the task before you can leave dumbass not just sit there 
 Gewoon het gedacht alleen is gestoord, ma er zijn gestoorde mensen in de wereld dus 
 Remember how I love meeting new  members? Well, NOT IN MY HOUSE. Shani stole Bring It Home from me (my ringtone). 
   it should be coconut!  👿 ”
 Hair dye on, now for an extra large glass of wine to try and shake my stinking mood off  
 Should I just go bald I'm tired of dealing with my curly hair! -__- 
 RT : who the actual fuck hashtags their emotions though, like    I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
 Well this has only taken 12 hours  
 My dog needs to shutup. [newLine] RT : You're about to get an unfollow 
 Stupid shellac nail design ruines my nails! :( 
 Laptop is not working again 
 How oblivious can one be.  
 George found me with the chocolate!         ny 
 I refuse to associate myself with practically anyone from my school once I graduate. It's just been a 4 year popularity contest. 
 Well there goes my good day down the drain ...   
 why did I start playing the worlds hardest game again? 
 60 million over next three years for ROMO?? are you kidding me?? sit his ass on the bench and have him suck on a lollipop 
 D.C 
 Why do I keep getting sick every time I eat.... 
 Seriously why am I not outside? 
 ugh! that just pisses me the fuck off!  
 I love that I get to start spring break working    
 RT : Stupid kids in class. 
 Well this is a really good Easter holiday,good being the operative word. 
 Confession: I don't hate you I just think you're fucking annoying.     
 Why do professors insist on keeping us in class until the last possible minute? 
 OMG IM GONNA PUNCH SOMEBODY IN THE THROAT TODAY!!!  so many dumb fucks at 
 My Tyga pandora has quickly turned to all Wayne songs... If I wanted to listen to just Wayne, I'd turn on the Lil Wayne station 
 Throwing an elementary style fit.   
 Can't believe we got in a fight because of this.. 
 I continue to get locked out of my room. 
  didn't win  might still do it 
 Dno who I'm meant to rant to since  is in Amsterdam 😔💔 
 Need someone to talk to :( 
 ": “: Life is F**ked up sometimes[newLine] ”i new right sometime you wish that you can just start over again
 People bother me sometimes 
 Okay wcl way to something wrong with the computer server so I can't work on my assignment  
 Omfg seriously a train?  
 Time to rest! :) Need to wake up at 9 am in the morning.   … 
 RT : I do everything for you. And im always here. Don't try put me down or act alone!   
 People in Hershey are so judgmental it makes me sick 
 Lewis Frazer really pisses me off. [newLine]  you lied to us about coming out.... 
 Amanda, tell me how you truly feel lol 
 Ugh, still no letters today.. 😔 
 Today has been a LONG day and it's still not close to over /: Meeting then class. Ready for Friday  
  .
 I hate when people say they're "on the way" and then get there like a fucking hour later. When they live like ten minutes away. 
 So you don't answer my calls but then get mad at me when you finally call back 
  am i ever going to grt any love back :(  &lt;3
 In the middle of a conversation with you and you just stop replying 
 I cannot stand when people make the biggest deal out of the smallest things.  😡
 I really hate this.   
 THIS COLLEGE MAKES ME HATE CHEMISTRY. 
 Just not having a good day !  
 When you're really sick and your insurance still doesn't help you.   
 RT: I hope  make It all the way to the national championship game and win......I really want a little school to win it all...."
 RT : definatly ready to leave school  
 Fucked off why am i fucking ill fuck sakeeeeeeeeee  😡😡
 Literally about to freak out  
 Well that plan just got ruined. 
 I have an exceedingly low tolerance for stupidity. 
  were not talking anymore. Never telling you anything again 
 RT :  never call a girl fat. EVER. 
 I swear the most annoying people go to bc3 
 Sh!# I don't like:  Texting someone and they don't text back for days...If ya don't want to text me tell me 
 I dunno what's wrong with me#angry
 Why is enrolling for classes so stressful?? 
 Once again idk why we make dr appts cause u wait an hour either way 
 Im seriously sick of breaking down at school. I'm fucking done.     😢
 I only get service good enough to do anything on my phone in one corner of my room.   😠
 Today is not a good day 
 I wanna do something outside  
 you would think a profile picture changes easy. but on an ipad that is something completely different  
 I have no patience for people who can't keep their words.   
 Give up on IT coursework now. Especially after about 4 hours of trying to catch up today 
 What type of business doesn't accept cash.  and never coming back
 OMG shut up!! 😠🙉🙈 
 parents can be so apathetic sometimes. They won't tell me if we're going away on holiday. I need to know. I have revision to do. 
 RT :  its gonna be a long day at work
 So. Sick. Of. Construction.  georgia   
 I hope  make It all the way to the national championship game and win......I really want a little school to win it all....
 Don't act like something you're not because more then likely people won't like the fake you. 
 Why do people feel the need to lie about stuff? Especially stupid little things. 
 i need a job this is bulllllshit 😔 
 Hi  could you point me in the direction of your Festival Ales? I've been to four central London pubs and found none 
 I'm trying so hard to stick to my diet and every single day this week my family has decided to back brownies or cookies... 
 Why da fuck is he banging on furniture????  
 Thanks for being a bitch again. Its greatly appreciated#Irritated
 I can't stop crying today 
  He goes way to fast.  Idk what is important.. 
 Fucksake. Swear down why do I even bother.. 
 at least kena la ada cheesy wedges .  &gt;.&lt;"
 My stomach actually hurts the majority of the time... Need better doctors in windsor.  
 I hate people!     
 Not moving from my bed until work 
 Thought I could watch bball tonight but apparently I have to serve 
 she kept slurping her soda. 
 WHY must you constantly stair at me omg 
 Lost my ipod! What am I gonna do without my music ? Grr 
 RT : Fuck everything 
 Yeeeeeeeeeap! I'm straight 
 I can't find ANYTHING. 😡😠[newLine] Me👉👩🔫     
 I hate when I waste money on things that don't work 
 for the record, the study abroad office is NOT helpful.  
 RT : My mood just went from  and  to  and  .....
  still crying   
 I guess nothing I do is ever good enough 😕 
 Customers are not going to like me tonight     
 Not like I have shit to do or anything 
 Sometimes i just wanna punch you in the face.  
 i have no patience today this is horrible 
 Dude I didn't know uploading a picture on vacation in a swimsuit made me a sluuut?  
 I swear I can never please my mom , whatsoever 
 if my phone doesn't stop acting up, I am going to flush it down the toilet... 
 people who lie and and make up rumours!  
 Move on..... For the love of god.!!! !  
 sitting here wondering why it is that i cant get over you.... we ended it 7 months ago.... so why haven't i moved on  
 I am pissed a friend is quitting his job! Just because he don't want to do it! He has 2 kids ugh! 
 RT : I have an exceedingly low tolerance for stupidity. 
 Why can't I be smart enough to just get straight A's?    
 Fuck it I'm done with work today going to take my aggression out at the gym  
 “: Life is F**ked up sometimes...[newLine] ”i new right sometime you wish that you can just start over again😜😜
 My human sexuality class really needs to learn when to shut the fuck up..  
 When you treal your girlfriend like a business deal. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 Florida Gulf Coast popular on social media   
 Stop bitching!!! 
 Why do most people have to suck so much. Just try harder. It's not that difficult.  
 Lately you've been condescending and think you're the shit  
 Why invite me over and then 'nap' for two hours.  
 ": I'll do what I do best, I'm just going to ignore your ass. "
 Why am I the only one that helps around here? I shouldn't have to come home to this .. 
 Fuck yolo fuck swag &amp; all that stupid bull shit   
 The dog has chewed up Dan's  high road cycling top 
 im fucking pissed, fuck you iginla you worthless piece of trash 
 Omg [newLine]             #
 Hate coming somewhere and they're so rude!!!!! For what!? 
 That mother fuckin bitch at Starbs. I ask for a double chocolately chip frapp and the bitch puts coffee in it and no whipped cream 
 Please, please tell me why some people have such bad anger? Go get this problems figured out 
 Just stop talking [newLine] RT : Shoulda Stayed Where Df I Was At 
 I swear my cal 2 professor drives me nuts!!! 
 Officially been waiting for an hour for a follow up to nothing.      
 RT : 👿
 RT : How the Monsanto Protection Act snuck into law--  via    
 Stop treating me like I'm stupid 
 Compulsive lairs annouy the shit out of me the most  
 My day has barely started and I want to tell everyone to fck off  
 Ughhhh my car won't be fixed today. 
 So stupid, left ID in Leeds no night out for me  
 I have done well with my anger but I have to keep reminding myself..you CAN'T argue with stupid! So why even try?! 
 when dance moms won't load on your computer &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
 Looks like another weekend of moping around the apartment. My life is so awesome!     
 Who needs a sesmoid anyway.... 
 It really makes me sick how much my nephew's father isn't in his life. It's sad that I have been more of a dad to Trey than him 
 The fact that I work with a woman who is 40 and was caught having sex with a 15year old...... 
 Even tho Maria won Indian wells and made the final of Miami ppl are still gona go on about how much she sucks and is inconsistent 
 so fucking done with everything 
 ...I officially don't care...so over it....
 I have good comedic timing and I know irony. Great. I'll take some constructive criticism please.  
 I really want to tell the couple in front of me on the train to STOP MAKING OUT IN PUBLIC!!!!!!!!!  
 When my mom ends a texting conversation with me she just says Xxoo.   
 My mother puts more stress on anything else...   
 RT : If you're going to get a tattoo, don't get something a million other people have.. like stars. Do something different.  ...
 Nine times out of ten, shut up 
 my brother stays acting likes he's 5 just because I didn't make him a pb&amp;j sandwich 
 Today Is Not My Day.  Af...Fuck Everybody !
 RT : So annoyed being talked that way&lt;&lt;  
 Omg.... Cant sleep at all 
    don't think my last tweet sent! I was literally yards from Larry and someone beat me to him 
 My mother is the best damn mother anyone could ever dream of having. Your a stupid idiot to say otherwise.  
 All I wanna do is clean my car why does this have to be such an ordeal?  
 He probably hates me. Just like everyone else  
 Stop doing your makeup and your hair in the bathroom during lunch. 
 Nothing worse than being the third wheel when people are suppose to be there for you.  
 Can't anything ever go right??  
 Your menna be my friend? I asked you to delete my ex off facebook, but you don't wanna so you block me?   
 I filled up my gas tank on Monday afternoon and have already driven 120 miles. Where does all my gas go? 
 Just shoot yourself you contradict yourself too much  😡
 My union is gonna start taking more money out of my paychecks.... wtf, I already live paycheck to pacycheck. .
 It's one thing when your friends ditch you but when your mom ditches you it's just a whole new level 
 Hate how long it takes people to reply to a text. You just text me, asshole.     
 Why are you even talking to me??  
 Been home 4 hours and my parents have already pissed me off  
 Bahakxbzksnskanshxkb [newLine] That's all I can say [newLine] Why won't my snapchat workkkkkk 
 Please do not list an email address as a means of contact if you don't plan on responding to any emails. 
 I Am Not Doing The Harlem Shake In Class! 
 My dang cat keeps trying to bring her babies in my room so she leaves them crying outside my door. [newLine] Brother and dad start arguing in the car. And that's when the headphones come out.   😒
 Is it ok to hit your other half over the head with a frying pan because you cant hear the TV over their snoring? 
 Wisdom teeth out! To numb to do anything!    
 COOL my group just left..... 
 RT : Some people just  don't care about other people's feelings. You fucking self centered cunt! It's alllll about you of ...
 Can't even have a 2 minute conversation 
 Can one health professional be on-time with an appointment!? Dentist sucks enough!  
 Not an atheist but I really hate being advised on religion,whatever the religion may be! every religion has its own speciality 
 I swear Im gonna start unfriending people on FB who use hashtags in their statuses     
 I guess I'm going out to lunch by myself since my lazy ass brother won't get up!   
   a man of standards graham! When they are not met I erupt! 
  eyy yey yey! Stop asking dumb questions...  but 
 How many times will I change my schedule for my last semester   
 Lie after lie! 
 Just watched my dog projectile vomit then proceed to eat it  
 Yeah I totally could have stayed at school. We haven't even left yet. 
 It's easier to drive in San Francisco than Bath   
 Wtf everyone is going to Miami before me   😒
 Today just sucks.  =(   
 RT : Okay, I'm a nerd and I hate losing marks for STUPID mistakes. I don't know what I was thinking of when I was solving th ...
 Yeah I think I'm gonna have to re-unfollow you... 
  with rage#frothingatthourh  a tree out the ground 
 When someone you don't talk to anymore, has your stuff.. and you just want it back...  
          
 Punching a wall wasn't the best idea.   
 i don't have time for games 
 RT : Grow up this is high school not middle school 
 Swear if i dont get a good grade for this project, i will nab all the apple macs then burn the mac suit.  
 RT : I've been listening to nothing but sex songs for the past couple of days 
 Processed Junk Food leads to  &amp;  People!  You are what you eat!    
 Should shut my phone off

 Can this day be over with already...    
 I'm never ordering food again. Second time they messed my order up.  
 RT : Wow hate when ppl say there gunna do Something and then they don't.. [newLine] THAT'S IT. I'M SLEEPING. ENOUGH WITH THIS CANDY CRUSH CRAP. 
 omg no way I just saw this  
 no one understands how frustrating it is to be this petite. try finding a dress or even clothes that fit you perfect.  
 ":  " Ha!  Im about to slam and break all of them! 
 RT : Worst. Day. Ever. 
 Femininity is devalued in every shape, form, body.  
 Why do I still live in your house if this is the dickish things you do 
 is this seriously happening right now  
 I wanna smack a bitch up! 
  I know 
 Shits seriously not that deep. I shouldn't have to explain myself.  
 i can't handle long car rides with my brother i just can't  
 Really getting tired of you, really fast. 
 Pisses me of, I made effort for you, so why not make a bit of effort for me 
 Be most probably going to Family trip tomorrow 😑  
 Ms. Hall knows my role in Bye Bye Birdie and won't tell me! 
 I have so much work over the break and I'm not going to have anytime to do it 
 Its spring break for crying out loud! There is no school, stop going 20 in the school zone 😡😤  
 Stupid law of cosines. Why did i have to forget that formula? WHY???  
 how hard is it to give someone YOU LIVE WITH 24 hours notice of anything??? 
 When your waiting for that 1 person to come online n whenever u check the person aint. 
 My mom has PMS every fucking day of her life it seems. please stop bitching at me, i don't care what your whiny ass has to say 
 This class is beyond pointless. It's such a waste of my time... 
 0/2 for roll up the rim 
 I Can't Stand Nobody ! &gt;.&lt;    
 Seriously sick of people only texting me when they need something. No. Just, no.   😒 
 worst nap ever ffs  lol
 All of a sudden you wanna hangout and you'll plan everything then bail out the same day without any notification. So typical.  😒👎
 So done with all your lies and bull sh*t!  
 I want to be that person you would drop anything and do whatever you could to be with them :'( &lt;/3  
                  
 THE FACT THAT SOMETHING IN MY EYE HAS BEEN THERE FOR LIKE 11 HOURS AND WON'T COME OUT MAKES ME WANT TO STAB MY EYE OUT.  😡
 coz of one troll...ppl r doubting if i m a doctor..what do they want? my registration no.?? 
 i swear to god if she walks back over here there's going to be problems. 
 Cutting my day in half  
 Hate when people stare at me. 
 "Oh, I cant eat that much, Ill just have a salad." Yeah, you're not fooling me bro. I doubt salads made you that monstrous.. 
 Working your ass off in H. Alg II only to get a 92.3% and your teacher won't round it up to an A. 
 now need to find something new to wear. 
 RT : ": “: Life is F**ked up sometimes[newLine] ”i new right sometime you wish that you can just start over  ...
 when plans never follow through 
 This is probably the 10th afternoon I have spent on hold/talking with Apple worms! I'm so sick of this shit!! 
 Mf.... I will kill slice you just try me you'll be leaking   
 Everyone goes through rough patches but when the fuck is mine going to end? 
 RT  How long is it going to take for this stupid snow to clear away!  
 If I say your name three times in a row, will you disappear like beetlejuice? 
 I love when my work forgets to pay me. Sure I'll work for free! 😠😠 
 Short people piss me off :( [newLine] It's so hard to be nice when people are so rude ... 
 Stooooppppppppppp 
 my housing took forever this morning and left me with no time to go to the gym -__- 
 RT : RT@iMechanicJDM: Nothing aggravates me more when I plan something ahead of time and it still doesn't come out the way I ...
 I just wanna go home and finish my hair. .
 Who pulls out $2200, post a pic on insta about it and says "im broke, but its cool" [newLine] WHERE[newLine] DEY[newLine] DO[newLine] THAT[newLine] AT[newLine] Having one of those days where everyone is pissing me off 
 hum dono ki hae apni apni laachariua, ab hanstay hanstay tum pay lay khushiua waariua    
 No one is this tiny so why make/use mannequins that are this tiny?!!    
     damn. Not pumping. Too cold outside, feeling too weak. 
 Shut the fuck up!  
 People are really trying to test me todayy😡 
 that awkward moment when your movie starts a 2 second repeating loop of one scene...   
  😑  .... I couldn't find an eye rolling emoji ha so I went with that one instead. 
 When some  pay more attention to thier xbox than you...
 Why have a f*ckin radio if you're not going to answer my page?! 
 Could my day get any worse?  
  Man u r so damn creative,where did u get that militant rat  lol
 Why are people (that I unfollowed bc they're always talking crap) BACK on my timeline and of course TALKING CRAP. 
 Our Special  category includes: , Low Head, , Non  and  . 
 This coaches have gay classical music playing on the bus ride to the track meet. 
 I swear someone has cameras on me....this can't be real 
 Can't decide if you are worth this torture. 
 Love when teachers ask me questions about Arkansas...like I'm from here or something.  
 Tanning on break! Best way to relax! (:   
 If you camp near your shock charge, please go fuck yourself.  
 Life just loves to piss me off.  
 You always have that one friend that you tolerate and you dont know why? 
 I am not allowed to drink diet coke bc of the "aspartame". Get on it team of educators. 
 Suicide is no laughing matter. 
 Don't hand me shit when I walk by you.  
 Yes, it pisses me off and I'm going to comment about it. 
 Towson's internet has been giving me excessive amounts of problems lately 
 OH MY GOSH 😡😡😡😡😡😡 
  how do have all theses girls and guys in your life and no one is in mine 
 Smashed my violin into the wall..[newLine] I'm about to snap...  
 I hate immature people. Like really, your not twelve anymore, man the fuck up. 
 I can't even focus on work right now. Ugh. 
 Thanks mom for letting my probs known on facebook and then letting everyone know you were told to delete it.  facebook isn't private.
 If you don't like me I would rather you not talk to me then be fake with me.…   
 Why is absolutely nothing going right today 😠 
 Fuck school be over already .!!!!! [newLine] You didn't deserve it.  
 How did you know I wanted more work for your class?!   
  over trivial things that have  been building up, lack of sleep isn't helping either.   
            
  unreal! Think your gonna be a page 3 model with a mug like that dream on love.  
 Tattoo's on guys are great, but piercings (other than the ears), no.  😷
 so stressed out ... Can this just be done with already 
 why go out of my way to get tickets for people then they change their mind on how much they want last minute. 
 I mean I wish I could see my ACT scores BUT THEY HAVEN'T COME YET  
 I can't freakin figure out how to drudge this stupid thing!!! 
 If you make one more vine about being bored, I will unfollow you.   
 Girl in my class....you don't have to share every single time the prof asks a question  
  this is bullshit they are cutting into my Sunday afternoon Seger!  
 Lovely phone call - Direct Gov "We believe Mr Evans that you qualify as disabled" your right I'm the disabled Champions league winner 
 Way past   and .
 Everyday its something new w. Youuu 
 I hate when people ignore my phone calls. I mean really?!  😠
 STOP WIH THE FUCKING TAPPING!!!! Gosh damn! 
 omg I do NOT understand this ecology material  
 Girls are messy..! That's exactly why I only have a few friends that are girls..![newLine] People who only hit u up when they need something&lt;&lt;&lt; knock it off    
 Not looking forward to this at all 
 This is why I hate all people! 21more days! Thanks God!  
 I just wish all this shit could stop. [newLine] Hey CVS how many customers can we lose with our moronic IT department and computer issues 
 This could get frustrating. 
 Ugh! They just keep pushing the date back... I want him home! 😔[newLine]  lol the  was so  and  .
 All I want is a margarita and to go shopping and my current situation is preventing me from doing both. 
 i messed that tweet up twice. screw spelling today. 
 Just one kik from that person would be great right now. 
 And I hate myself. Again.  
 It's one of those days.... Can I just go home to bed &amp; try again tomorrow :/  
 I honestly think my parents spin a wheel, titled "what are we gonna bitch about today day".  😑
 Haven't spoke to one person in nearly 16 hours! BORED BORED BORED got ready for nothing 
 He don't know how or when to shut the hell up. Getting really 
 Just read one of the best books. I want to cry.   
 RT : I actually hate throwback Thursday 
  yesss 
 I can't even understand 
 Do I really need to know his car has done 200k miles....think not!  I feel like I will never have a pint tonight 
 Parallel parking. Fuck you! ..I..    
 Allergies are such a pain!  😑
 I seriously respect my man. I just wish other people would to. 
 I'm never having kids 😒 
 people are straight up pissing me the fuck off today. 😠😡    
 Becoming increasingly 
 Mi Hermanito Me Dijo Que Destapara Los Sobres De   Por Que Yo Tengo Buena Suerte Jajja
 I hate when I wake myself up by making noises in my sleep. I also hate when my dad jumps on my bed when I'm asleep. 
 In the worst mood today 😩😾💨       
 You know what, I'm damn proud of where I'm from. How dare you disrespect it like that city slick.  
 I hate when we fight 
 aaaaaaaaghhhh  
 Fun, sick just in time for Easter. 😞 
 And then i do try to talk to them and they ignore me? Doesnt make much sense to me?   😒😠
 That girl that got a boob job on the NHS makes me sick! Should have had a face transplant love!  
 we are in the middle of an important conversation, you do not have time to work right now. 
 Thanks for letting my probs known on facebook and then letting everyone know you were told to delete it.  facebook isn't private.
 You people make my head hurt...all of you!   
 Headphones in   🎧🎶😔✌
 My brothers alarm has been going off for the past 30 minutes. WAKE UP.  -__-
 You get on my nerves....... Like so much 
 Hate High schoolers...if i tell you ask mom, don't respond with you are my mom right now  
 “: Please stop talking to me. I dont like you. ”
 😔😁 
 Don't want to see every protein shake/every other meal/WOD every day.Just cause it's not on insta doesn't mean it didn't happen. 
 So angry.. nothing worse than an attention seeking bully 'tpickyourfamily  
 Kinda pissed right now but whatever im in new york. I have to be happy.  
 Group projects are the worst. You can't expect me to drop what I have planned just because you can't get your shit together. 
 Wow people know exactly how to make me mad.      … 
 Why so clingy? 
  its gonna be a long day at work
 Everybody in this school is driving me insane right now my god ... 
 Already done for the day. 
 Just cuz I spend most of my time with you doesn't mean I don't have other friends.  
 Котея злится       
 How many times do we have to go over this before you understand it? 
 I hardly see how the latest update on Kim Kardashian's cravings is supposed to help me prepare for the birth of my child. 
 I have so much stuff I need to get done! 😩  
  when movies get loud then soft as fuck. Its like the whole movie im holding the remote going up &amp; down.  
 RT : When  &amp; deb leave me in langs class by myself!! 😡😡😡😡  
    doesn't even add up to how I feel at the moment more like   with work messing me about
 My mind wants to run but knee won't allow it  
 i want to go to the gym because im bored but i cant! ffs... 
 Why does blow drying my hair literally take 3 hours  
 I couldn't wait to come home and nap but now I'm laying down and can't sleeep 
  watching animal cops 
 RT : If you have dry cracked feet please don't wear sandles. 
 My mood just went from  and  to  and  .....
 RT : nothing goes as planned 😠 
 RT : I don't give a shit what religion I am... no one can force me to believe something I don't believe in 
 ok maybe not shattered but a giant ass crack  😡
 Slow texters &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Cine: Bad cat      
 You ever just want to tell your colleague at work "ben' dung an' guh suck out wah' God give yuh"? 
 Thank you Orange, for not helping me. Still no phone. 
 I've been sharing rooms with my little sister for freakin 12 years going on 13 years I'm almost 16. 😪🔫  
 So they take forever to deliver my sandwich and it has NO AVOCADO ON IT!!!  
 To the people continuously honking outside my house... SHUT UP 
 When will this end?   😤😡
 Can't believe I can't play this weekend  
 nothing goes as planned 😠 
 When you realize everything was just a huge mistake 'manidiot 
 I just vented like crazy to Heather the entire car ride 
 If all you do is tweet drama, I'm un following you        
 These are the faces I'm sending to everyone going home for Easter 😡😢     
 I don't want to give up , but it's not worth it anymore. 
 just dropped my biscuit in the tea  
 zarpadoo          … 
 Im so 
 You better pray God has some serious mercy over you. 
 Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked "what's wrong?" over and over again 
 I'm a gator fan but fgcu all the way ?
  no follow me!   :-(
 RT : Group projects are not my thing...especially when you have to sit at the library and wait for them to show up to work o ...
 Now that he has voiced his opinion and shown me who he is, my opinions about him have changed.   
 RT : When people take forever to get ready and don't even care that you're waiting for them.  
 Why do shows on demand have commercials?!?? 
 what is the point in pre-ordering if they won't even dispatch it the day it comes out........  
 this girl keeps putting her arm on my desk like she doesnt have her own. get awayyy 😡👊 
 Hate this so much  
 my mother causes me to have such a bad headache! ugh -.- [newLine] Can this shit go any slower?!  
 RT : That moment that you see something that just makes your stomach turn  
 Scheduling classes makes me feel powerful.[newLine] Powerful enough to throw a table across the room. -_-  D:&lt; 
 Dear girl in my psych class with the nasty ass cough and a cold... If I get sick I'm kickin your ass.   
 Ahhh I can't believe I accidentally accepted your friend request on fb! Wtf !  😠😡
 Hiccups for 15 mins.. And going.  
 Thanks for not helping me out at all target 👏👏👏 
  What time do the Lobos play Ohio State tonight?    
 Every year there is fraud on my account  - it's a joke!!!! 
 My tolerance is getting lower and lower for everybody in this school. 
 RT : EW to the girl who took the fattest shit of life and didn't flush it. 
 RT : Hate when people stare at me. 
 Over it 
 The fact that I can't register for classes until after April 1st because my advisor is a not nice word&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 I seriously woke up in the worst mood ever, it's not even 12 &amp; I can already tell today is not gonna be my day!  
 Why isn't twitter letting me retweet anything 😒 
 Nothing worse than missing football through injury 
 what did i do in my past life to deserve this class...   
 Why can't I make my supervisors happy?   
 Why do I even bother?! 
 I hate .      
 getting  being down 3 days on crutches and cant work out .. gotta figure somethin out soon
 I just wanna see you 😩 
 RT : why do I even try with you anymore?   😒
 When you have things to do but have to wait on someone &lt;&lt;&lt;  
 SOOO ANGRY!     
 Omg I Could Of Been On My Way To Florida Right Now.! 
 Alright Hallie, cool it with the emails please. 
 Having to get a new email cause mine got hacked &lt;&lt;&lt; !
 I hate not knowing what to do or if i'm doing the wrong thing. . Why can't things.
 Nothing puts me in a worse mood than my hair. 
 RT : Getting ditched for the bars &lt;&lt;&lt; [newLine] do I have to be the teacher to?! 😣 
 Not to happy about my pay check!! 
 RT : Flashbacks of you are the worst.   
 I officially hate school.... 
 Get me out of here 
 I'll do what I do best, I'm just going to ignore your ass. 
 Кот-людоед      
 Instead of straight talk all fb has been is gay talk... 😒
 i just opened my new pair of tights, put them on, and realized there is already a hole in them. 
 I REALLY hate when people say my sister is lookin at me from heaven.. It's like..I get it!..I want her here with ME though.. 
 I've finished my test, it's spring break time, and the sub won't let me leave  
 Pretty sure you're at the beach wit me , mike AND Annie . Not just your "boy mike" 
 First iTunes wipes itself then iphone wipes itself 30 mins later    
  ... Please stop tweeting about the fastest way to lose weight. I don't care. Thank you. 
 Worst. Day. Ever. 
 Missing busses is the worst thing ever 
 I can't find my  pants agahsjkdkzjs 
 That was the stupidest test I've ever taken, there goes my grade.[newLine] It takes soo freaking long just to get out of town!  😒 
 Flashbacks of you are the worst.   
 My boyfriend is ignoring all my texts, he needs to go. 
  I needa lose weight again!! stat!! ASAP!!   
 God's love is persistent even when we are .
 Get. Off. My. Timeline. 
 I Need Some Than I'll Be Chill Until Than  -SJR
 RT : just found out that taylor swift is gonna be in the New girl finale. why must you ruin everything taylor. 
 Woke up with a cold.  
 Feeling lost :/    
 Like I hate wells Fargo. You guys can't just take someone's money because you feel like it 
 How we are all feeling about  lately 👎    
 EW to the girl who took the fattest shit of life and didn't flush it. 
 Why does my fifa keep freezing! Doing my heading now 
 Trying to watch a movie on FX and its in Spanish.... 
 Anyone want to tell me where this twatty mood of mine has come from?   
 New blog post.  Searching for an ebook cover. [newLine] RT : The fuck is with all these Asians smoking?! Like excuse me you aren't from here... Don't tarnish my air.  
 HATE WHEN THIS HAPPENS!!!! &gt;:(  
 OMG PEOPLE, I AM TEAM ANDROID SO DON'T FREAKEN SEND ME THOSE BOXES !!!!  
  haha!!! I can't even remember what this was about, I was raging mate 
 “: My fb newsfeed consists of club starz ”
 RT : Got an email for Bio 103 while on spring beak 😡  
 Only way to make this bad day better, get chick fil a.  
 Eek stop hacking my twitter! 
 I hate it when you don't feel we'll on the last day of school...[newLine] I BLAME MY TEACHER[newLine] I just want to cry. I never wanna go home. That one was a shot through the heart.  
 I don't have service wtf??? 
 URRRGGGHHH!!!! why us my life so rubbish 
 RT : Robbie Wiggins hates technology!    
 making up these gym classes&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Really craving jam fucking doughnuts!  haven't bloody had them yet!
 I've got two days left to go reclaim my truck. It's looking like a good idea right now. 
 Neighbours Braai smoke is getting so strong, it's stinking up our house. 
 It'd be nice if all our damn starters could actually play.. 😒  
 That's cool. I like when you just randomly stop texting me. 
 If I didn't respect your decision I wouldn't still be on couch right now..😒  
 Really excited to see Oregon take on Louisville. The ducks come out on top. . 12 seed going to elite 8! 
 When your so called  films a travel show without you.   kinda &amp; 
 Dear 40 year old neighbor,[newLine] I am aware you have a nice car... but there is no need to rev your engine for 20 minutes  😑
 An ugly bug flew into my eye!! Even though I cleaned it I feel like I wanna pull my eyeball out 
 Gee I love missing my connecting bus cuz the fucking bus driver is talking. 
 Awk phones back,but sim cards not working  
 Don't you just love it when you drop everything for someone everytime, yet when I want something its always no 
   use ur app 2order,paypal £27 taken twice,yet u rcvd no order we're stillhungry nearly £60 down.Not UR problem? Its UR APP
 Seeing a picture of you makes me think about how things used to be.  
 Witnessing liberal indoctorization at its finest.  
 I don't wanna hear about how good y'all did on your SAT.  😔😡
 have no idea to do for my birthday site 
 I give up my car is impossible to fix! 
 Running is one of many ways to release angry and I'm very angry so we will see how this track meet goes    
 protip, if you can't breathe while teaching- stop teaching. 
 Anyone else on orange having problems? 😠😡👊 
 If you're my ex, don't speak to my friends or family. They broke up with your ass too. 
 All a's expect for a b in civics  
 Wtf does a wife hsve to do to get her fkn pussy ate.  sexually
 Don't know why u keep pulling this shit. 
 Oh here we go again with this damn dog in the office!!  😒
 Why did Ignila ditch the flames and go for boston?! Like i know flames suck but still..... 
 My life = over.  
 Whoever decided to put the cup song in pitch perfect needs to b fired! my sister wnt stop  
 RT : Not how I wanted to spend my day.     💔
 RT : Stop treating me like I'm stupid 
 What I did to my headphone, ffs  
 Confused at why  r phoning me @ this time telling me my parcel delivery was unsuccessful today when it was delivered Tuesday? 
 Just finished work fucking fantastic !!!!  
  washed the feet of the man who  Him, didn't  Him nor fully  Him.
 Could you stop already? 
 so ignoring me is the better option? right..  😒
 Underdogs!!! [newLine] Was look forward to tonight so much, why couldnt i have been ill on monday 
 Do you ever stop bothering me? 
 You're annoying as fuck I'm not offing when I tell you that. So quit touching me and my stuff. 
 Why hasn't this hydro helped with the pain?! 
 RT : Keeps your comments to yourself! Boutta slap the Hochiminh out of you   
 Love getting back from my run to find everyone's gone out and I don't have a key 
 Ugh actually in a bad mood now after watching eastenders! the Liam story is so annoying,  I hate Kane and crew 
  😒😠
 Out for a 35 min injury recovery run, lasted 15 mins before knees fell apart! Grrrrr!!!! Would kick the cat if I had one! 
 Using this shit til ma tingy start working again 
 -_- 
 No mom I really like it when you tell me to look something up then completely ignore me when I find it 
 HANGRY  
 not feeling it today 
 My fb newsfeed consists of club starz 
 guess ill be stick in the house smh 
 Yes, let's talk with your iPad to look everything up. It's not like I live here and know where things are.  
 The amount of time I've been sitting in this 2nd waiting room I could have became a doctor myself and told myself wtf is wrong. 
 ": " me too!
 There's no milk. 
 If I can't even fix my own problems how do you expect me to fix yours?  
   Can Oregon handle the Louisville full court pressure D tho!? I like to think so! 
  My blackberry playbook won't charge, and it seems to blink red once then yellow/green 5 times. 
 People are really fucking annoying right now.  
 that's always the excuse though isn't it 
 8 people in line, and these post office ladies work at a speed of negative 5.  
 Why must my family feel the urge to talk to me when I'm trying to listen to music 😒 
 Don't feel good at all 😣 and I know why....  
 All I really need in life is my horse, and myself.  
 Cant even fucking talk 2 you!?     
 Today is just not my day.😐 
 So  I had to pull out of interviewing  tonight due to man-flu! Hope for better health next Friday for !
 This lab is taking foreverrrrrrr 
 Really? You're a whore, so stfu.  
 Never knew anyone to be as selfish and 2faced in my whole life.  !
 RT : Keep thinking its Friday not Thursday! 
 RT :  loser come back into my life :(   
 1st day I'm ready for 6:00 pm... 
 Talking to your girl wouldn't be a bad idea... 
 Stop freaking whining  
 Shut up 
 I just don't understand  &amp; 
 When you have a different guy coming up to your locker after each after your def a slut lmaoo 😂   
 why can't doctors nowadays rely on gut instinct instead of depending on technology to make a diagnosis 
 This day needs to be over . [newLine] How does one get to an appointment early! And not be called back by the time the actual appointment is set...😒  
 Exclusive pic of  's vag  
 Today is not the day to be stuck in traffic  
 RT : You'll get so much farther with me if you are just direct. Ill respect you for it. The end 
 Trying to keep it together 
 When you don't like someone everything about them annoys you, my mood… 
 I've realized I'm way to forgiving of a person.. but the one time I do something wrong its the end of the world.  
 I hate sneaky, two faced, pathetic people  
 her face really looks like some type of reptile. ugh .
 When someone suddenly turns emo...*insert swear words* Just go die already and stop bugging me 
 Then people at Taco Bell are stupid. Asked for a meatless taco. 
 i hate when i'm having a good day then my lilttle cousin has to ruin it and be annoying :/[newLine] Photo: My patience is being tested today      #2005   
 I hate how I let the dumbest things bother me sometimes .. 
 You're in like 7th grade and you're talking about having sex?[newLine] RT : F sharp and G sharp melodic minors are going to be the death of me.  
 Michigan state upset!  [newLine]     
 Doctor number 2 and they have no idea what it is !😡  
 Nothing makes a Canadian more angrier than this 😡   tobealoser… 
 Once you break trust it will never fully come back 
 No one should complain about the ladies in our main office because the secretaries at Nellie are fucking bitchy as shit 
 Ugh, I can't wait for patio weather!!   
 I'm literally about to blow up right now!! 🙈💥😾 
 I would get out of work just for this meeting to be cancelled  
 I hate being stuck in the house!!!!! 
 Never been so upset after tonight 
 100 bucks to the person who can get Kyle to quit singing for like 5 minutes.  
 roll..the fuck..up 😤 
 Why does everything have to be so stupid? :(  
 Haven't been this angry in along time!!  
 I have the biggest hate for all these stupid Asians at the u of m; seriously, learn how to walk ! 😡  
 This house gives me a damn headache ...  
 This is terrible.  
 After 5 days with my mom I am never going to be late for anything ever again!    😼
 whatever is telling teachers to give tests the last day of the grading period FUCK YOU it's like you want my grades to be fucked up 
 The girl next to me really needs to stop laughing 
 It would be sweet if this bus could go a little faster so I could get to my effing class ON TIME FOR ONCE 
 My mom was talking too much, so I called my dad and asked him to buy me things. 
 Love how the gym can always clear your head. 
 Seriouslyyy everything on the internet is like fake. I don't know what to believe about my fave celebs anymore 
 Mother if you can fucking hurry the fuck  up, please. Thank you. .
 Just tired of everything. Not sure what to think anymore. I feel like Im mentally drained. 
 Stuck at the school for another half an hour....and can't work on my Spanish project...😐💢 
 I just want to leave. 
            
 I seriously hate how the stupid jv baseball coach makes them practice for like 6 hours i cant talk to see my boyfriend 
 I'm in such a weird mood today!?  
 why do you always ruin my plans?!  
 S4l take the piss putting a session on in the easter holidays. .
 everything is being so slow today! :( 
 At least ill see my boo later 
 If ur gonna be a twat dont expect me to be nice 
    got told today I have to cheer a basketball game in Connecticut on Saturday.  
 We're at the airport.  😠
 Tell me why I'm mad my dad came home early from work cause my mom took the day off to go somewhere with me. 😒😠  
 RT : I may hate kids at my school and hate my school sometimes but don't talk about us especially if your not from here.  ...
 I strongly suspect I'd have an easier time getting a college degree in prison than dealing with the current student aid system. 
 I hate this stupid network i'm gonna sleep and never ever wake up 
 Just found out that my favorite show Sanctuary was cancelled:( 
 I lost my ring from Zimbabwe :( 
 There are certain levels on bike race that don't make sense to me? ?   👎😡
 One  of my biggest pet peeves is when my grandparents sit here and make noises with their mouths.....  
  DA 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AL    for Pentax   Quick-Shift  System... 
 I just got extremely tired out of nowhere!! &gt;.&lt;[newLine] Can it be 7pm already!! I wanna go home and lay in my comfy bed!!!![newLine] Look 😍😍😍🎧🎧            … 
 Not even there yet and my parents have pushed me to my limit  😠
 I just want to curl up in a ball and sleep forever   
 Thanks fam for telling me i wasnt gonna have a ride back to Columbus.   
 I really wish this car would move so I could take a picture. Ugh!!! 
 This girl is absolutely vile!!    
 I guess I'm the only student aide in class who actually run passes!! Fucking lazy ass people 
 RT : If you're my ex, don't speak to my friends or family. They broke up with your ass too. 
  😡😞😔
 The moment when you are just not in the mood for anything 
 My Internet wont work on my computer so I had to check my twitter on my phone  
 Why does my mom think its okay to raid my room in college. I swear we have this love hate relationship 
 as long as me and Rezk have been together, he will never understand what to do or how to act when I am on my period.   😡😒
 To the kid who keeps screaming 'I love tunnels!!!!!' as we drive down I-35: shut the f up  
 RT : If your going to post 788272819384729102747292 pictures on instagram in one day im going to unfollow your ass. 
 arrggghhhh hate mr hurst! fucking knob!      
 RT : Can't wait to get away from everyone 😒[newLine] todays just not my day 😒 
 Gotta  to   
 I'm so hungry but can't eat anything   
 I would like to spend some time with my father tonight but no he's to stuck up Jennifer's butt to know. 
 RT : When someone you don't talk to anymore, has your stuff.. and you just want it back...  
 I hate lazy people 
 Idk what my issue is with the new truck We got but I somehow always manage to break somethin in it 
 seriously mom fight with me some more.. 
 All hail queen Taylor 
 * I can't give you what you want if you don't tell me what you want. I'm not a mind reader 😒 
 Seriously Verizon stop calling me!  
 I wish they had express lines at TD 
 Screw chemistry..when am i ever going to use it?! 
 Im a bipolar bitch when i have my period      
  must have dildo on the mind cause defo not one in mine 
 Starving, bus was half an hour late and now it's going the long way it isn't even meant to. Might get dinner by 10. 
 ": I'm so over all of this crying shit. [newLine] " Text me if you need me babe
 It's Thursday and I'm thirsty....  
 I'm sorry, sir, but you talk too much about nothing relevant.  😒
 Come on 6:30, I need out of this place! 😡  
 People are getting into so many fights over the legalization of gay marriage.  
 Wtf don't we have one in Converse tx 
 face is caked up with make up and yet I CANT GET A DAMN GOOD PICTURE FOR THE DAMN DANCE RESUME!! 
 My ear will not stop ringing 
 Why are you so obsessed with her...?! [newLine] Today obviously isn't my day. 
 Photo: Cara de malo quedo &gt;:( jaja        
 I just want to graduate already. 
 It shouldn't take two days for a letter go get mailed two blocks 
 I have bad road rage in Wadesboro  
 Fall classes are posted. Absolutely no way im going to be able to  take all the classes I need/want.  
 I wish I could take it back   
 Don't hang up on me then call right back cause I ain't answering.... 
 You give me a headache 
 Beautiful day to spend inside cleaning... Ugh 
  Bet i won't get followed by you befor a die   your my life
 You. Can't be  with a  on keep smiling
 whatttttttt? O_o  -_-  
 I'm easily hurt by things people say to me. But if you're gonna say it, at least have it be true. 
 RT : Hah  
 I hate it went you text someone and you know their ignoring you because their always on their phone 
 This nigga falling asleep next to me and his elbow keeps hitting my head -.- 
 RT : '     'people try and fuck with your day when they fuck with your cof ...
 I can't remember the password for my other twitter account 😭😭😭😭 so I just made a new one.  
 This class starts at 3:50.... not 4! If you can't be here on time then teacher a later time!!  
 Want a Vanity space but my room is to small.... X 
  why won't you follow me ? :( 
 Angry birds sokağa çıkınca..! Video    ğa #çıkınca     
 Cara de malo quedo &gt;:( jaja        
 I wish you were with your girl. 
 RT : Whoever decided to put the cup song in pitch perfect needs to b fired! my sister wnt stop  
 Some people suck more than eggs   
 I cannot wait to get through practice and be with people. 
 Get jealous all the time 
 Can the person that stole my 2 pairs of spandex and softee shorts return them?    
  There were at least 50 songs with 200+ plays, and my special playlist had 1,000 songs on it. 
 Omg i'm like so pissed right now i'm going to explode 
 Why the hell am I playing MATCHMAKER for YOU?  
 RT : When people take my stuff without asking me 
 😡😡😡😡😡   
 RT :  as fuck
 It's unbelievable how one fucking person can destroy every thing in one fucking moment 
 This is gross. 
 well thatttt jus wasted 20 mins of my life.. &lt;&lt;&lt;  
 Don't wanna talk to anybody 
   this makes me even more upset my mum won't let me go! 
 GRRRR!! 
      
 RT : Such a bad mood already today. Wanna skip work and go to bed..   
 как бесят тупые сопли в виде "рэпа" о псевдолюбви и херомантии типа "зая,котя..." аррр... 
 So I emailed my bosses on Monday wanting to meet with them. Haven't heard back from them but have gotten several emails from them 
 I wish people would worry about their own money and get outta mine 
 Its spring break why dont they have amazing movie marathons on every channel..  
 If you open the door to my room, and I'm laying in my bed and the lights are off..  DO NOT START TALKING. JUST LEAVE.   ...
 Thanks Helen for making me do this   
   I had nothing 2 do with that! I was a victim of the Louis! 
 You'll get so much farther with me if you are just direct. Ill respect you for it. The end 
 Haha haha screw you   
 I have come to the conclusion men have a monthly cycle to and mines on it  
 How am I the first person here but the last to be taken. 
 Tried to get khloe kardashian nails and the Chinese woman didn't have a clue ..  
 Long day.. I just wanna go back to school and sleep 
 I'm trynna be the peace maker and ain't shit go right 
 Mexican roadblocks!  The root cause behind the majority of my road rage    
 Im showing this to your mum!  xxxx  
 If this GTA mission gets any harder I may need to give up:/ [newLine] seriously!? people are stupid. 
 Follow the Audi Rs.           … 
 Sorry for the rant 
 Is there a reason I need identification to view the R&amp;R lineup? 
 '     'people try and fuck with your day when they fuck with your coffee/tea
 Wish u would stop thinking you're so much better than everyone[newLine] i still have to do more service for my sgp lol but idk what to do  
 I haven't gotten a twitter notification in 3 days because the app is broken. 
 I wanna participate  
 the only bad part about warm weather are all the bugs. they won't fuckin leave me alone 
 bout to jump in the lab and knock these beats out.  as hell... And then I can FOCUS on the MAIN AGENDA....
 Does my neighbor really find it necessary to slam every door in his apartment?!?! 
 I have no idea what it's like to have a child with special but I should would treat them better than this mother I just saw!! 
 If I don't reply to your messages, it doesn't mean send me another, it's clearly stating I don't wanna talk to you!  😬
 can you not talk to me!! 
 RT : no one understands how frustrating it is to be this petite. try finding a dress or even clothes that fit you perfect.  ...
 I could've died! 
 I love when tests are nothing like the study guide. Not.  
 Good choice on hashtags I like how they're totally relevant to the picture 
 I knew you were trouble when you started texting me      
 UGH why don't I have service anywhere 
  I just tweeted it to them...heh. 
 its really frustrating that every spare moment i have i spend it doing anatomy...and im still FAILING 
 RT : I hate sneaky, two faced, pathetic people  
 I'm amazed how Anything I wanna do I get cancelled on 
 My mind is killing me ! 
 im having a bad day, im taking one down, but im NOT going to sing a bad song just to turn it around.  
 I'm so glad im going to be home alone for the rest of the afternoon.  
 Trains are so fucking unreliable so pissed off gunna stab someone  
 I like how just because you're an adult, your opinion is automatically right and I'm just flat out wrong because I'm a "kid."  
 Doctors have fucked up again now I have no tablets and have to go to re walk in centre tomorrow at 8 
 RT : Anyone else on orange having problems? 😠😡👊 
 How nice would it be if today could actually work out 😒 
    and  people[newLine] Over it. 
 She said she feels it turtling... 
 Holy tweets 
 So I get home and the cleaning people are at the house! Like seriously  😠
 This horrible fucking mood needs to go away. 😒[newLine] Things are just different lately 
 Hoping my ear heals fast so I can go back to wearing both headphones like a normal human being. 
 Ugh.. Why did I go to Lawrence. 
 "Priorities, priorities. Stop caring. Freedom. Just you." -The constant line going through my head all day so I won't explode. 
 Those people are so fake 
 East Coast lines still pissing me off. On top of 8k annual if you don't pay for reserved seat you've fucked. Bring on the tender 
 My twin daughter is ignoring me 
 You can't always have your own way 
 Screw centripetal force. 
  got a bag of tayto popcorn today! Its lovely stuff but jaysus the don't exactly fill 'er up! 
 On Board , Awesome.          … 
 People these days! 
 No go on a two week vacation without me. Really i wanna watch an 11 year old by myself  
 RT : 🙅 
 Fuck you menstrual cycle !   
 Shuffling passed at the  on my iPod 
 Can't believe I'm not getting an Easter Egg now because of ASDA. Wankers. 
 That wasn't the news I was looking for Doc 😔
 Whyy must my dog b so got damn loud for no reason?!   😒 time to get ready.
 RT :  I don't get to see you today :( 
 been waiting over half an.hour. no biggie. 
 Ugh  - any reason why my mother's flight is delayed? Or just for funsies...
 great. just great -___- 
 RT : To the girl in the library who is laughing randomly with a dumb laugh I'm about to come over there and.... Well I better  ...
 I'm gonna be twenty this year I don't understand why I can't have a classroom to myself like really  just want my 
 For the first time in my life I am able to hate someone and love them at the same time. . . . .This damn dog eats everything!!!!!! 
 Seriously stop sending me DM's asking if I wanna fuck you 
 Whelp, no school for me tomorrow  :(
 Why did Iginla ditch the flames and go to boston?! Like i know flames suck but still........ 
 had enough   
 Why can't people let me enjoy my life instead of always trying to ruin it? .
 Show up early for something once in my life and I'm made to wait.  
 WHY DA FOOK do people say yes when u ask if that's all of their order BUT then they say they want more when uv printed the order?? 
 RT : I just want to leave. 
 LT the little things 
  don't tweet at me  
 Keep thinking its Friday not Thursday! 
 Wtf I want to order Yoskos so I can go pick it up but they aren't answering the phone. What the hell is a "remote access code"? 
 You have officially irritated me to the point of insanity!   
   😡😤😤😤😤😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
 Feel so shit  
 Bro...the rest of the sidewalk is open. Get off heels. 
 I hate registering for classes. I never get what I want and it does nothing but stress me out &amp; piss me off! 
 $2100 in taxes this paycheck  .. Fuck Obama.. Said we wouldn't see a dime raise in taxes  
 Put of the fucking midterm grade already. 
 My sisters along with any of their friends make the most noise  
 God I don't wanna go into work 
 freaking freezing. nothing like your ride being 50 minutes late to picking you up. -_-  
 Actually I take that last tweet back. &lt;&lt;&lt; 
 today could make history as the first day in a long time work wins over school. 
 RT : Could you stop already? 
  as fuck
  hahaha Ikr my neighbor eating that 
 Jus praying all goes well tomoro...it's definitely time 
 RT : Just feel like crying😡😔 
        … 
 I can't ever tell you anything without everyone and their moms dog knowing about it.  
  ah shit son, missed it! Don't have one of those computer devices to watch it either  was it good?? 
 if the bus is more than fuckin 5 minutes late you should get to ride free 
 Sooo much to do such little time... 
 It makes me so angry when guys waste their life away playing video games. Are there any guys out there who don't play video games? 
 Shit that's in my throat go away please! 
 Oh dear-angry is only mildy angry!
 It's like every time I try to make plans with you, you cancel last minute  
 I hate this feeling...    
 Why the fuck do I even bother making plans with you or even try talking to you    
 RT : I know I messed up. You don't have to rub it in my face. 
 No. Just stop. 
 Tutoring 4th and 3rd graders makes me want to tie my tubes pronto  
 Playing boxing on the wii and pretending its katrinas face, knocked 2 players out already  
 If you rather be with friends than lets just be friends... 
 they leave me babysitting all these damn kids.. fuck do i look likee .. -.- [newLine] Okay. Does anyone know how to fix this? I can't hear anything out of my headphones from my PC. 
 MAMMAA MIAA DA COME STO INCAZZATOO IL PRIMO CHE ME ROMPE IL  CE SFONNO LA CAPOCCIA PORCO DIOO!
 about to punch a hole through the fucking wall   😤
 RT : Man I want to get the fuck out of here.  !
 Skipped school for NO fucking reason  
 Thinkin MTSUs Internet mouse fell off his wheel. I'm finnaa do all the homework on my phone.[newLine] Omg you claim you are a social worker? Then why are you biased? 
 I'm gonna need Botox by the time I'm 20    
 You are a poor excuse for a man.. Don't treat me like I'm some animal. 
 Back from lakeside , ah;) now time to charge my phone:')   :( 
 Today was one of those 'i hate everyone' days. 
 Not Getting My Hair Done Til Tomorrow !!!!!  !!!!!
 I love being ignored. 
 Could not be more bored, why can't I drive 😡😡😡😡 
    Once again Fido your service is brutal at SAIT and I cannot even get basic reception. What is wrong this time?  #fido
 Chinese people &amp; mac &amp; cheese do not go....... 
 where the fuck did all my clothes go? 
 I hate people sooooo much 
 Wanna go out so bad!   
 These people need to get it together 
 Traffic everywhere, shouldn't people be at work 
 Trying to enjoy my vacation but some people have issues THEY need to work on.   
 Pipe the fuck down 
 Because insult Niall hell! You insult girls 'few simple fans'! [newLine] Just cooked a nice lil chicken dish &amp; fucking lost my appetite. 
 Hiding in my room until I absolutely have to leave     
 Why are alien movies always scary /and gross omg   
 You have a fcking boyfriend for reasons 
 I wish i freaking had my license... i would have had it by now if you didnt freaking spend all the money for my class. 
 Cancel one more shift of mine pleaseeee..... 
 I'm not mad, I'm hurt. There's a difference. ? 
 I have some of the worlds most idioitic neighbors.  
 Stop canceling my driving hours  
 RT : I'm in a very pissed off mood today.  😒
 I hate when my teacher has me read something in class and then all of a sudden every word is hard to pronounce.  
 When people put you in awkward situations for their benefit!  
 my phone isn't here. overnight shipping my butt. 
 This day has been so stressful  
 I need you, but whatever.   
 When he doesnt trust me 
 my ears are still ringing from the concert .. 😒 
 Almost didn't notice they changed the speed limit on my road...except for the 60 signs every 5 feet  
 And he does it every time 
 👌 
 RT : Actually can't stand rudeness. 
 typical BD problems: except i thought i wouldnt have to deal with thisss, tsktsk    😡
 Man everyone tryin to hold this baby dawg . And when they do, they fuck with its head and fuck with it all rough smfh 
 Okay, mom hasn't talked to me the whole time... UNTIL I PUT MY HEADPHONES IN!!!!  
 Have to have another emg done on my arm to figure out where the nerve is pinched. Then hopefully getting it fixed 
 Today was a waste of a vyv 😒😔😭  
 giving a midterm that's mostly memorization is torture  
 Are they really talking about this😳[newLine] Now I have cramps and a headache. 
  ohhh don't! 🙈... Seriously I'm a bigger mood than I was before u left   ... But you just ! 💕😝👍
 What time does the varsity lacrosse girls practice end?....  😒
 Oh my gosh like just stop talking like really     
 I'm tired of people getting into my business! [newLine] To the girl in the library who is laughing randomly with a dumb laugh I'm about to come over there and.... Well I better not say... 
 "Fuck a fake friend where your real friends at" ✌ 
 piecing together the pieces  
 A quoi ca sert de péter une vitre de bagnole si tu piques meme pas les trucs de valeurs qu'il y a dedans --' 
 well that is fair that American fans get to see the video first when we are the fanmily that got them to where they are today 
 When you ask someone something and they don't answer you. Like I'm fucking  nosey answer me!  👎😠
 I hate when someone texts you first and they don't keep the damn conversation going. 
 The fact that I am peeling right now 
 You really know how to make someone feel like shit don't you?    
 Why are you so concerned about others lives.. 
 RT : where the fuck did all my clothes go? 
 Had to cancel my nail appt cuz someone doesnt know how to answer phone calls by them selfs  
 I just wanna be home so I can go to sleep.  
 It literally smells like someone brought on a bag full of horse shit on this bus.  😷
 Como la gente pude ser tan descarada e idiota !!  
 Don't mess with me when I'm in a bad mood  
 Wtf...   
 My phone won't let me go on Facebook....  :/
 When people take my stuff without asking me 
 It should be against the law to weight pregnant women!    🙊😔
 Why do people always make emotions so complicated when really there's nothing complicated about them.... 
 RT : "Oh, I cant eat that much, Ill just have a salad." Yeah, you're not fooling me bro. I doubt salads made you that monstrous ...
 Enraged Red Lamborghini Diablo.          … 
 Crowdsourcing physical delivery. Pretty awesome concept.[newLine] Why do people still spell Walmart that way? 
 I love kids but some parents need to learn how to make their kids behave 
 okay that's nice to know.    
 Nothing make a Canadian angrier than this 😡     
 If they were going to close like everything on campus down, why are they making us go to class?  
 Ahhh  &gt;:|
 Why do you need your bass so loud it shakes my apartment and will probably wake up Ryan  
 worst fucking mood ever 
 Just as well I don't own a cat - it would be getting kicked the minute I walk in the door this evening 
 DID NOT BRING MY PHONE TO SCHOOL TODAY   
 Be a good kid. Make good grades. Show them they can trust you. And still don't get shit for it.   
  would love to know what the production hold up is with the 10A Rubis with red seats   
 And I'm here!!        
 Both of you, everyone! STOPP! 
  whatever. 
 Ughhhhhhh! I wanna go to my bed and stay there for the rest of the day! 
 Why do my legs itch? Gah 
 Could you stop hammering your roof I'm trying to sleep, thanks. 
 RT : I'm sorry, sir, but you talk too much about nothing relevant.  😒
 Why do you have to be so annoying?  
 Ugh would like to just get this figured out and move on with my day! 
 You know what would be awesome? If people would DO THEIR JOB. 
 UCF needs to get it together...60,000 students to 5 advisors. Umm ratio issues 
 My professor didn't know his lab was cancelled today. Neither did we...  
 man, i wish we had rugby practice today. 
 RT : All hail queen Taylor 
 I really don't like when I see you blow up my Instagram and tweet stupid stuff but I can't I follow you 
 This is great...  
 Well looks like that surprise is out. 
 Bed 
 I will make sure no hall's allow   to have a party on the 22nd! strictly the 29th only!! You cut me real deep 
 Don't worry mom, your child just threw up and is crying, but we don't want to disturb your hangover. No worries we go it! 
 It really sucks to know that i wont be dancing my one and only favourite sexy hot routine for the first time grrr   ffs 😟
 RT : I hate when someone texts you first and they don't keep the damn conversation going. 
 They put me on appetite enhancer medication and 'forgot' to tell me it was appetite enhancing. Fuck you. 
 Ya callate alv con tus quejas de UT!! Tu tambien vas aqui y ni haces nada bien, mejor ponte a estudiar!!!  😡👊
 UGH WHY DO ALL MY PHONES HATE ME. I switched back to my kin but now that ones not working may have to go to my Pantech 
 Rough day, rough week, rough life  
 Worse tacos ever in life! IN LIFE!  IIIIIIINNNNN LIIIIIIIFFFFFFEEEEEEE!   
 26min of updates on the Mac book pro left and I am on day two of not smoking so I am unreasonably anxious and short tempered 
 If your going to have office hours be in your office!! 
 I may hate kids at my school and hate my school sometimes but don't talk about us especially if your not from here.  
 Seriously  you pick a bank holiday weekend to do engineer work... Really??? 
 Just realised i have to answer a coursework question in something i thought would be a quick finished thing  
 Damn tiana no where to be found...ruined my Disney experience....leaving the park one princess short 
 All the pants I buy are too big on my waist but fit my thighs and butt. WHY CAN'T I FIND THE PERFECT JEANS.  
 Just when I thought things were going better today...it turns right back around.  
 It's impossible to buy  tickets without spending over 1000 dollars....  😮😠
 ": I just want to scream... "and shout and let it all out :-)
 RT : Not Getting My Hair Done Til Tomorrow !!!!!  !!!!!
 £5 for an hour of wifi. Wtaf 
 You think he'd get a point😒   
  STOP SAYING THINGS LIKE THIS!!!!!! BE HAPPY TO BE ALIVE!!!! 
 This twitter app has hella bugs!!!! 
 Why would you tell me that? 
 I want to go back to that night in the bridge when you held me tight and I was the only one..   
 At least I'm not the only one that regrets it. My gawd. [newLine] I can't figure out why I'm the only person who ever cleans my house. 
 Awesomee!!!  
 ":  wa ntena hle, I wonder otlo kgona ho win onkgopotse.." ke mo thabela paap☺ 
 more than ready for it to be 1430 tomorrow. . .     
 Seriously fuck off, lie to me twice. How am I supposed to believe your ass when you lie bout stupid shit! 
 I really hate poor customer service!!!! 
 Okay. If I do not reply to ANY of your facebook messages, STOP BUGGING ME! 
 😤 
 I've gotten into more fights with people in the past week then I have in the last year in my life.. 
 Drove to Durham for no reason -___________- 
 RT : Lab partners are so frustrating!  
              
    😡
 When you've told some a million times you're staying out of it and they keep talking about it.  
        :p 
 Awful day so far started fine went to shit       
 La fille est full minder d'aller au gym pi a sfait crisser out parce qu'elle porte une camisole !!  
 RT : I think im going to shut my phone off for a few days and just ignore everyone. 
 Lol, this is already getting old. 
 Thanks so much to my mom's friend that had to ruin my plans that were already made 3 days ago thank you so much   
 Pinche sprint MLP! I hate spint😠 AT&amp;T here I come😏  
 I swear , if I'm stuck at home sober tonight, imma shoot a bitch. 
 I dont get why i even bother 
 RT : It's been over a year...move the fuck on already [newLine] Photo: This is what happens when you don’t tell me who you are. JUST TELL ME !!  ... 
 I think im going to shut my phone off for a few days and just ignore everyone. 
 RT : Alright Hallie, cool it with the emails please. 
 Whats the point of an appointment when I'm not called in until an hour later?  
 Everyone can fuck off.  
 everytime I use mrs. grossens computer lab I am reminded why I hate technology 
 MUSIC ON, WORLD OFF! 
 Bitch stfu you dont even know how to smoke weed properly or what a hangover is 
 i didn't realize it was your sorority reunion in bracken.  I don't care about your naked photos from spring break, and greek drama
 Think I just bombed this test. Great. 
      
 Hey  any updates on the shipment of the Verizon Devices?? I have had very limited answers regarding my device. 
  has taken us on the most difficult route twice on this trip! Taking us backroads instead of straight shot on hwy! 
 It's irritating when my doctors appointment was at 3 and I got here early and i'm still in the waiting room.  
 Why can I not write this essay right now. 😖 
 Haven't played with my ultimate team today at all 
 It's times like these that I wonder if my dad realizes that I'm 18 and not 5.. 
 When you plan to have a sleepover with someone and you bring your stuff to school and they cancel at the last minute..  
 Why Dont You Just Tell Me Who Told You.  !
 Ain't saying you thirsty but dude you might need a glass of water! 
 people seriously need to start respecting when someone has a boyfriend or girlfriend... 
 Trying to get my pop to eat in the nursing home  
 all these scholarships have litterly kicked my ass.    
 totally  mood today.
 So after making the best lasagne I've ever made, the uncle lets slip it was actually horse meat mince I used  
 waertyghfdtryghvfd    
 Starting to question some of my friendships I have with some people    
 nothing worse than being copied  😡
 RT : worst fucking mood ever 
 Headphones in and someone wants to come up to you and talk... Let me listen to me music please 
 I never thought I would say this but I'm getting really tired of these people  
 why can't you just let us out 5 minutes early? what good does it do you to start a new chapter? 
 I long for the day I move out, and get to live my life the way I want 
 im actually going to commit because i cant go out tonight   
  I've already stopped watching , thanks to them turing  into a "celebrity", even on . 
 and for some reason, she finds it necessary to tell is about her life problems, and bud into our conversations.. 
 How can someone slam their baby's head against a wall 12 times?! Ashamed to know this person. 
 Someone dry my clothes for me    
 Thank you so much to my mom's friend that had to ruin my plans that were already made 3 days ago thank you so much   
  DA 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AL    for Pentax   Quick-Shift  System  
 Mom.... Go do your hair... We were supposed to leave at 2... You've done nothing. 
  omg yeah I stayed in bed all day, watched Loose Women and made Physics notes ahaa  😱
 my brother is so stupid like i dont even understand 
 Just filled up the Chrysler £60 of pure Diesel. This baby drinks too much. 
 I WANNA GO TO SLEEP &amp; START MY DAY OVER 
 I'm about to be mad at all you niggas tweeting about prom    
 This construction buisness really needs to finish at my house.    
 I've noticed twitter is where    and I go to vent.  
 Seriously don't want to this! 
 Okay so you want to start shit.. Some friend[newLine] #backstabber
 Can my brother like stop crying already ? 
 if youre only texting me to brag about how much money you have, dont bother✋ 
 If ur grown enough to make a mess then your grown enough to clean it!  😠
 Fuck it mehn 
 I accomplished one thing I needed to do today out of the nine things I HAD to do. 
 I just love when someone's shows how much they reaallyy care...  
 I can't stand it in my house. 
 lets try this again!!... 
 RT : Some of the people in this generation worry me. 
 😠😤 
  just something someone said on ask.fm  ;L
 Not a good idea to watch 'The Bucket List' on a Thursday night...    
 Can't find my makeup  
 Funny how your punishment effects my day  
 Like what's so hard to believe? Not like I'm smoking crack, like shit.  
 Sure ill rush and change my schedule so you can get a massage.   😠😠
 I've been sitting in this room for 20 minutes ....Y make my appointment for a certain time if I'm just going to have to wait?! 
 Agh! My dryer isn't working!! Its things like this that I take for granted! 
 If you've never played a sport in your life dont try to tell me how much conditioning i need. 
 Pretty sure LA traffic has nothin on Colerain traffic!! Ugggh 
 Fuckkkk you government. Protecting your money once again.     
 SCREW THIS! Going to the batting cages to work off some aggression!   
 UGH 
  now thats not very nice  
 When isnt my mom late? 
 Pretty much done with all of this 
 My teacher is sucking on her sucker soooooo loud  
 I could have met Louis. That was my chance. And I blew it. Again. :( 
    @ Pirot 
 How do you expect to go anywhere when you can't even answer simple background questions?!?!   
 Latest GAA rankings are bullshit 
 Can't believe anyone would EVER abuse dogs like this! Everyone should tune into  and b made aware of these bastards 
 My freaking phone sucks 
 OMG!!! Wickedness In high places...why! Why! Why! Wat was her offense? Oh poor gurl. See humiliation even after death...☹#vex#crying
 Feels like I'm letting everyone down...  
 Leave me alone.. 
 My appt was at 2:30 and I'm still sitting in the waiting room 
 Dont know if im coming or going with some people  
 And you try and turn it on me..wow this is ridiculous 
 Just got called a dog -.- because I don't like chocolate 
 RT : Gay Marriage.. Everyone has their own opinion. Get over it. 
 Tweet was not sent , saved to drafs! Me ye kitni dafa bardash krunnn akhirrrr :@ haaddd hi hogaee :-/  
 :( depresses me seeing everyone else go out and not me. thank you work for not paying me 
 The lights at work right now are making a buzzing noise. I am seriously on the verge of tears..  
 TMOBILE IS MAKING ME ANGRY.  
 All I wanna do is curl my hair and it's no cooperating 
 Twin Turbo Lamborghini Gallardo , beautiful shot.       … 
   
 Over it alllllll  
 RT : so ignoring me is the better option? right..  😒
 RT : Get over yourself already. 
 RT : Fuckkkk you government. Protecting your money once again.     
 RT :  
 No i co się tak szczerzysz głupia małpo?! ę     
 uptight  
 I'm so done with everyone. [newLine] RT : That's cool. I like when you just randomly stop texting me. 
 Ugh he a bitch nigga fr. 
 Checking out in 40? Yes. Can't wait to be out of here. 
 Some people just piss me the hell off. 
 the lady at the hair dresser screwed up my appointment so I'm getting my hair cut tomorrow morning instead of today  
  you set the high score on doodle jump on my phone 3 years ago. I'm still trying to beat it... 
 Like to know why I'm sitting here right now😒  
 So very tired of all of this 
 I see how things are. I really need you &amp; your not there.    
 RT : If your going to have office hours be in your office!! 
 I jus lost whatever respect i had 4  ,we don't support rape outchea..if u out of bars get a day job 
 i don't think i can do this i get bored too easily  
    !     ... -  - ... 
 The fact that my BD just tried to treat &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; dude ass don't never listen 
 I'm just as excited as everyone else about racing, but complaining about the weather isn't gonna help  # youknowwhoyouare
 Hate when coworkers bitch about each other 2 me. Little do u know I can't stand either of u but I must fake it real well  
 I don't wanna be listening to a high 16 year old lecture me. &gt;_&gt; :-) 
 WTF is the point of having a number specifically for WORK reasons if you're going to call my PERSONAL CELL every time?? 
 People need to learn the meaning of "leave me alone" .  
 Can't go to Atlanta This weekend :-( 
 When you text someone and get nothing back yet they tweet or update something on FB   
 An hour and a half later and I still haven't seen the doctor... 
 Just give me a goddamn answer. 
 I Just seen a pregnant lady smoking, I hope the cig burns her mouth. 
 Finally after 17 minutes of trying I finally got it opened😔 
 When my mother comments on my drinking habits it just pisses me the fuck off.. 
 RT : If you rather be with friends than lets just be friends... 
 Do normal people take an hour to get home from school?? 
 Omg! Not going to hear back from city until the 9th may because of delays!   
 Aaand the flight is delayed .
 Little gossip is the most pathetic site I know  
 1-0 down on FIFA already... 4 mins in. Previous games: I've been 1-0 down in under 3 minutes. I HATE FIFA. 
 The day I get laser eye surgery will be the happiest day of my life 
 Who knew registering for classes would be a pain in the ass 
 Hate, hate, hate ignorant people  
  was jus about as bad as the day u left the high street wi no coins in ur cup  
 My back is still twitching and tingling. I think I went a little too intense on STEM today... 
 All apple stores take forever 
 The smallest of things change my mood nowadays  
 RT : Everyone goes through rough patches but when the fuck is mine going to end? 
 RT : Really can't take the U-Scan at the grocery store sometimes. In the age of iPads it should work better than a 1970' ...
 Mmmmmk princessa 
 never forget what a man says to you when he is  !
 why the fuck are you such douches? 
 Plz give me some fucking drops for my pink eye so I can go back to bed   .
 What is his problem!!? 
 What the hell is with teachers in the school. 
 eating my body weight in ice cream cause I'm a miserable fuck   with everyone 
 I'm going to sleep ... 
 Please do us all a favor and stop talking.   
 Why does college have to be so difficult and stressful 
 WHY CAN I NOT FIND SCHOLARLY SOURCES ON CHILD HUNGER AND ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE?! 
 If you're not my friend, don't ask me for gum. 
 Why are you such a douche?   
 My mother is always losing my fucking car key!  😒
 Just feel like crying😡😔 
 😣 This bus ride home&lt;&lt;&lt; [newLine] Spring broken...time to fix things.  
  No I still have the same account.I just have a new debit card that they sent me.. I went about a week without a card. 
 Why would we do nursing because we care? When you can do it for the money, the hours and... Oh wait.   women  a real job 
 I feel like this prof uses our class as a therapy session  
 Hate when people Try and FIND things to bitch about. Are you really that unhappy!? 
 That class was sooooo pointless 
 Why does Mac Miller have his own show... 
 Pisses me off. Grrr... -\_/-  [newLine] RT : Nice. "You don't own your own genes." 
 I'm seriously to lazy to pack right now .  
 Don't expect me to keep bending over backwards for you when you don't even care about anything going on in my life.  
 Seriously why Is it when I get a new phone it takes about a year for me to do so !!  
 Im just exasperated from the act....
 RT : Today obviously isn't my day. 
 Just waited 40 minutes for a 5 minute doctor's visit!!!!! .
 Lost my wallet and jacket 
 RT : Love getting back from my run to find everyone's gone out and I don't have a key 
 When ever im trying to get somewhere I get behind the slowest people ever 
 RT : If I don't reply to your messages, it doesn't mean send me another, it's clearly stating I don't wanna talk to you!  ...
 That literally made me sick to my stomach! 
 facebook wont let me creep my brother  
 Maintenance workers only come when I'm napping. And what they do always involves loud noises.   
 Grr. 
 Just need some comfort.. [newLine] There's nothing I hate more than teachers who make history boring  
 Don't come into my life if you have no intention of staying. 
 My chicken and bacon pasta bake has no bacon in it 
 Why is it people w/ a little authority get sooo wrapped up in title, that they forget what it's like to be HUMAN? 
 Girl at work leaving  
 Need a cuddle and someone to tell me everything will be fine #😭 
 RT : I like how just because you're an adult, your opinion is automatically right and I'm just flat out wrong because I'm a  ...
 I wish I was a guy..    
 group projects shouldn't exist. I'm so tired of getting screwed over! 
  Working on  is very . [newLine] wish i could control my hatred for some people 
 I just got home and I already want to leave. Why the hell are you always so mad?  
 Man I want to get the fuck out of here.  !
 This lady needs to calm her kid down he doesn't stop crying  😤
 Everytime I want to get going, my dad falls asleep on the couch, and it's impoossible to get him up. 
 How is it that every time I try to see my school counselor I either miss her by 5 min or she's on lunch at an inconvenient time  😠
 i got basic on the alg 1 keystone 
 I hate spanish its pointless 
 If it doesnt involve you then dont get invlolved  
 I wonder how nasty our bathroom would be if I never cleaned it... can't wait to have my own bathroom. 
 Omg the way ruby is packking &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Lights off, chilled music on. Trying to calm down. 
 Why do people in the financial aid office need to be so rude? 
 How did you get in college... you're so stupid. 
 Keeps your comments to yourself! Boutta slap the Hochiminh out of you   
 Downing my sadness with McDonalds then tanning 
 My phone has been messed up all day! About time it starts working.. 
 I need a punching bag.   
 Why would we do nursing because we care when we can do it for the money, the hours and... Oh wait.   
 I don't want to talk but they keep talking 
  Look forward to your tune My song I don't love you no more is a heartbreaker :O Had a dew drop on me nose singing it  HaHa
 i have the worst headache and my neck and shoulder muscles are aching from my stupid jaw. 
 I hate when people do that. 
  you traitor I can NOT believe you just said that![newLine] Read over your tweet and think about what you wrote![newLine] Seriously, this is some high school bullshit, and it did not help my mood. 
  ✋
 Today is just not a good day!   
 Got an email for Bio 103 while on spring beak 😡  
 I'm in a very pissed off mood today.  😒
 I love when people rely on me to fix problems even tho they already know how they want to handle it. Next time, don't ask.  .
 Quit bitchinnnn man 
 I'm so over all of this crying shit. [newLine] Can my day start getting better please ! 
 What's the point of making an appointment when the doctor still make you wait??  
  ............
   
 Now you know why I don't fucking do these kind of things. 
 And the worst friend award goes toooo...... ✋💁🏆😔   
 Boss is really working my last nerve 
 At the Dr office. Already 40 min behind. Sick of this shit!  
 Wodke Hawkinson  on Sony:    
 You have responsibilities...instead of sitting around bitching all the time you should probably get your shit together 
 I am the only normal one on this damn bus  never again will I ride this bus ..
 annoying when my mum and dad are like "yes, lets get a dog" then hours of looking at dogs later they're like "actually no lets not" 
 Can my money go into my account today: . 
 Every time i have plans i get called in to work. 
 Fkn assholes! Don't try and intimidate me, your gangster ass ain't scary.  
 Plan A and plan B were broken off today 
  IM PISSED 
 Waitin for Joey! xojessikuuhox is mad!     @ Mcdonald's 
 I could use a blog right now.... 
 I hate it when people talk to you one day then the next they don't want you to talk to them.  
 Work sucks. My register keeps messing up, it's going to be a long day 
 Rain Time.            … 
 Taking off your wedding ring every time you go to a bar doesn't make you any less married!!!!  
 Bloody wifi has broken in the house so using my mobile data 
 I want this tan line around my tattoo to go away. 
 So fucking mad 
 RT : “: You always have that one friend that you tolerate and you dont know why? ” you're that f ...
 This is getting ridiculous  😒
 I was so joking the other day. Spring is NOT on it's way to Sweden. They say that april will be cold aswell. What the... ? 
 If you think it's fun to mess with people who are just trying to do their job then you never grew up. 
 I.cant.breathe. 😣  
 Great...just failed that test.  
 Everything was a hoax.    
  wtf is Phill Vickery on abt??? He's been in too many scrums ,I'll bet u a cheeky 50p ur dying to call him thick 
 I'm trying to vote for  in#TFC13 but the poll won't load! 
 Just hanging with my bro...talking bout things that we cant talk about around our parents...   
 I miss talkking to him so much :( [newLine]  Its weird with out you , and the fact that you don't seem to care , ;([newLine] Two Porsche in gas station , ready to drive.        … 
 Some people need to relax!  😡
 My feelings about today. 👎😒      … 
 Hope this hour &amp; a half goes by quick cause I'm so over work right now.  
   😒
 Oh how i love it when my  just turns itself off.. for NO reason &amp; refuses to turn on.[newLine] Fuck you. Lying bitch. . 
 Why the hell is every hair salon I like booked until tomorrow evening? 
 RT : Guys taking pictures with no shirts on is not the scene anymore ! Cut it out 
 These dog fights are just cruel 
 This family all week. Watch me not call you. 
 I need jeans that fit!! All mine just slide down while I walk! !
 Ugh it's one of those days when I wish I drank...  
 My patience  is being tested today      #2005   
 Just one of those days that I need to take a long walk  
 These fucking birds are driving me insane. One is stuck behind my stove light area...struggling against metal to get out :/ 
 The tension I build up when almost done with a class assignment but everyone wants to interrupt! Err!  
 Stressed to the max 😖 
 Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
 I'm so done with this auto mechanic car bullshit just tell what time my cars gonna be ready so i can make arrangements 
 RT :  Look forward to your tune My song I don't love you no more is a heartbreaker :O Had a dew drop on me nose  ...
 Omg my electronics keep dying! 
 How is it that I changed my diet, cut out alcohol, work out every day yet I still gained weight and my body fat went up 
 yous a dick, homie[newLine] My wifi sucks today freezes every 2 minutes, starting to really piss me off  
 All these sophomores think I'm lying when I say I don't know the answers to this test. I don't remember my answers. Kay? Alright. .
 Will never get used to people being anxious and getting up in an unorganized fashion 
 Fuming!! 
 I mean  got demoted because he needs to work on some things. Instead of accepting it with class he acted like a child. 
 Why do you even bother talking to me  
 Felt like taking an angry picture! Lol      adour  … 
 well the start of this weekend isnt going so great✋   
 Not a good day    
 Why the fuck cant i gain any weight 
 My family slows me down so much 
 Sooo Not going out tonight  probs for the best seeing as I have to swim tommorow morning.
  Im crying :'(   
  wa ntena hle, I wonder otlo kgona ho win onkgopotse..
  the streak is over, stop talking about it   
 When a girl only gets the guy because they put out. Have respect for yourself. 
 RT : When a girl only gets the guy because they put out. Have respect for yourself. 
 Gay Marriage.. Everyone has their own opinion. Get over it. 
 I've declined you call 7 times in the past 10 minuets! Take the hint I don't want to speak to you -_- 
 u knw what, I think I'm gonna stop workin 4 the rest of the day...this jus set me allllll the way back, smh... 
 this jodi arias trial is gonna be dragged on just like casey anthony  
 Why doesn't technology work when you want it to? 
 Why do you make appts and then sit there for 15 minutes? What's the point?    
 Omg this song means so much#upset😢 
 pissed at one of my followers  now igorin her  
 In bed at this time   
 I like this   Annoyed     me back   
 RT : Quit bitchinnnn man 
 Why does Ross have to smack her lips before everything she says..  
 This knee sock is annoying... 
 Websites suck.   yet still 
 You just reminded me, I don't get to see one of my best friends tmrw cause of work 
 I'm going to flush my work phone down the toilet.  
 I hate it when people try to talk to me when I h e headphones in....   😠
 Sick and tired of people spreading rumors. Its my relationship, stay out of it. 
 Im actually raging balls like holy fucking hell le monde est assez fucking ignorant pis effarer jget meme pas 
 🙅 
 This is why I rather do shit myself! 😡 
 Sometimes I REALLY dislike my mom   
 its just irresponsible pinning when the link isn't attached  
 This has been me all day "fucking! Bastard! Knobhead! Chuffin! Bloody ell! Fuck sake! Shit! Rah rah rah!    
 Feels really sick but I don't know if he cares....  
 RT : I really hate poor customer service!!!! 
 Oh, pest control "might" come today. Cool willow creek, cool. 
 Is this some sick karma? Like I'm tired of guys being so controlling it is rude I am not dating you so back off! 😑 
 I hate waiting for a doctors appointment, they're always behind on their schedule 
 Just watched Tonight programme on poverty.  that we spend millions on likes of Qatada whilst our own ppl live in misery!!!
 When people fucking interrupt or don't listen.   !
 I get annoyed so easily... I will stop talk'n to yu quick&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 If you want something say it! Dont sit back and expect the world to read your mind 
 Hate when I  give an answer to someone but then they continue to keep asking like really ? You already know the answer 
 Like STFU already ! 
 “: You always have that one friend that you tolerate and you dont know why? ” you're that friend to me😏 lmao jk
 YES i got a haircut. Please stop commenting on it. It's not that big of a deal. 
 my brother needs help 
  whatever Tina! 
 i have no patience for slow internet 
 RT : UCF needs to get it together...60,000 students to 5 advisors. Umm ratio issues 
 Twitter acting up again 
 You are a first class prick!! My hate for you can't even be describes!!  
    I wish it would let me use listen again service on my iPhone. :-( 
 Why make an appointment if i still haven't been seen a hour after my scheduled appointment?  
 I ask nicely an u have no respect come on #justwannasleep
 . Don't want to be at work, don't want to go home...maybe I'll go see what the parentals are doing tonight.
 I haven't ate in a day and could care less to.  
 guess it's lets make fun of merm day...cool 
 RT : Get the fuck out of my business 
 RT : I'm trynna be the peace maker and ain't shit go right 
 I have nooooo clothes  
 I delete you from everything and you somehow manage to show up again ... 
 Cannot believe there are actually humans who fully support organised pit bull fights! :( :( 
 Boos! 😠😝     
  was delighted when i seen ben &amp; jerrys for €3 in spar! Then found out there was no cookie dough????  
 I really need to get out of the house tonight 
  Oh Gosh i thought there was a new thing about you guys but it was just about The Wanted band!!  
 Ruined my day 
 About done with people drawing on my car.. 
 Why is my politics teacher so USELESS ??!!  
 feeling like i'm starting to get sick. right. at. the. start. of. break. 
 no one has the ability to tick me off quite like my mother. &gt;:| 
 I'm in the worst mood right now. I seriously want to punch everyone in the throat.      
 It smells like pancakes in my office. This is a major problem.   
 I don't mind people eating in my room but clean up after yourself.... 
 I hate when people say "you don't have to worry, you're smart" what? No, I just work my butt off studying for days! 
 Just loving those "friends" who ditch you for stupid reasons.  
 I love when people take forever in line at the store. 
 why has the Internet gotten worse!   
 Let your kid be a dam kid 
  lol that's why I got my new car "postponed" from gettin bought by my parents! 
 Lmaoo to whoever left this on my windshield 👍😂     
  the least they could've done was gone you that teacher 😭 
  talk about an embarrassment! Absolutely brutal! 
 RT : Every day i come home i have to clean this damn house from floor to fucking roof !!  -.-
 K, or stop texting me 👌 
 What an emotional day 
 If I have headphones in and reading please do not be persistent in talking to me let alone hit on me   
 When people make plans with you then cancel &lt;&lt; 
 You honesty have to go through all my pictures and like them? 
 F***ck 
  I'm driving up because next train is an hour!!! .
 Twitter is for personal venting so family can see everything that is said/done in your life. Judge me    
 Why do you have to act stupid all the fucking time??  
 People really need to learn how to park 
 Okay wtf what kinda of girl takes out her tampon and dumps it in a parking lot....  
 &amp; speaking of my phone, I fuckin ordered my damn waterproof case three weeks ago!!! Dafukk taking so long!!   
 Where the hell did bath and body go?!  
 While everyone else is arguing about politics &amp; such, I'm just over here hoping that Florida Gulf Coast upsets Florida tomorrow. 
 I hate spring cleaning!!!!!! 
 You niggas need to stop asking. Stop being thirsty.  
 The horrible moment when.. The guy that makes you smile everyday doesnt like you back.. 
 Ewe your a lame bitch bye[newLine]  worst vehicle order ever. No info or communication.    
 no bitch, im listening to my music. if you want to listen to yours go into a different room, or wait till this song is over. 
 Need a cuddle :(!! 
 I don't like being told what to do, so don't.   
 well you turned out to be a fucking pig 
 Why do people make things more complicated than they are?? 
 I've been grating carrots for about an hour already. My family better enjoy every bite of these carrot cupcakes!   😤
 Thank you soo much you for taking my plans into consideration. Looks like I'm not hanging out tonight 
 Brothers can be so annoying!!   
 That blew my high, made me cry and now my nose is running 
 Ya stop askin my gf to hang wouldn't be the first time I knocked ur ass out..  
 RT : I have the best idea ever, shut up. 
 People need to stop making me more pissed. Ya'll just want to get cussed at. LEAVE ME ALONE.     
 Had enough of this English revision. Actually feel so tempted to rip these notes up 
   U keep sending random players! Send Suarez FFS!
 I know I can play way better than this.... 
 The fact that my driving lesson is at 530 and I thought it was at 5.  
 I have a lot of thinking to do today and tonight. :((       
 RT :  Lucky!!I've tried for the longest time to get  to follow me,but she doesn't..:'( 
  sorry  
 I really hate it when you take FOR EVER in the damn bathroom 
 Plans are ruined 
 You know I am just sick of everything... 😖 
 I'm not a , I don't die within five minutes without attention.   
 I hate shopping!!  
 my friggin hair won't decide between a side part or a middle part  😓
 RT : fuck this stupid spam 
 no wonder I was so broke![newLine] Really tired of people complaining and not doing anything to change to make things better... 😒 
 RT : Little gossip is the most pathetic site I know  
  HEY BEEMERS ARE COOL!!!!! 
 “: Really freaking .”
 Move along 👋✋👋[newLine] It sucks that I'm the only one that will talk to you yet you won't listen to me. I just wish you would listen to how I feel. 
 Been waiting an hour for my Chinese  
 I hate waiting :/ doctors need to be more punctual 
 Can you please just chew your gum like a normal person?  😒
 ": Boys. Boys. Boys.  " just about tweeted this...
 Fufu ..      #المنامة #البحرين @ Galali 
 Can you shut up, im trying to learn  
 TRAAAPPPPP 
 Seriously.  If you hit someone's fucking car, leave them a note at the very least with your contact info.   
 17, break up with your bf, get back with him now your getting married? Ummm it's never gunna work.  
 I wish I would have ditched class like everyone else in my group today. 
  i and my brother can not go on fifa due to the catalogue update    
 where is my red bull????  
 Why have I got venom rushing through my veins for no reason  😠
 Don't even no if we're going anywhere for spring break now): wth  
 RT : Just wanna get fucked up!    
 really do not see why someone would make plans with someone if they can't keep to it  
 When you don't know what to say or do &lt;&lt; 
 The moment when you could use a really good friend...and you can't think of anyone. 
 Everyone on the bus listening to started from the bottom 
 I don't care that menino is not running for another term, you are interrupting ellen 
 Twitter is sucking balls right now  
 It's been a long day. I seriously might snap if someone says the wrong thing to me  
 The service on my phone today has been crappy at best 
 I need a new job. 
 RT : Pretty much done with all of this 
 The SAPS killed  in full view of cameras, &amp; they are acquitted of murder??  We have a long way to go.
 Spanish teacher is so annoying 
  Over 9,000 tweets, and you haven't seen me yet.. . I love you!
 RT : I get chills when I think about my ex .   
 I fucking hate certain people!  
 I don't understand why  refuses to believe I graduated in January 2013 instead of may 2012 even after I sent proof 
 Waiting for Joey to get off online, so i can watch Whip it. 
  not a dumb question, a very good one  
 I totally made this up out of no where     
 If you're gonna whisper while I'm sitting right next to you. Just tell me to leave.  
 RT : People should stop sending stupid spam dm's that no body looks at or cares about .   
 today was a day where you bugged me  
 Umm so not having a debit card is putting a damper on my life right now...I NEED MONEY!  
 the thought of that actually makes me feel sick  😥
 Why do little sisters have to be so complicated? 
 If you can't do your job properly.. 
 fuck this stupid spam 
 RT : But see, if I did the same thing it would be a whole different story 
 Get me out of this airport now 😁😠😑 
 Can any   tell me how to beat level 29?! 
 Tried my very very hardest to persuade  to come out and OF ALL PEOPLE, he refuses    
 I hate how my mom swears for everything she says, its a little annoying.   
 Hair is getting so thin :(((((((( 
 Beyond tired of these mixed signals I'm getting from you 
 When you said you're going to be "a little late" I didn't exactly plan on sitting here for 40 mins waiting for you. 
      not happy..are just a few of the emotions im feeling right now
 I miss you so much..I need to be with you:\ 
  can't make it bud. Got a bloody wedding I have to go to. . You going?
 Stop chewing me out for not texting you back. You're my friend not my boyfriend.  
 Wtf my xbox controller isn't working. Even when the charger is in the piece of shit doesn't work 
 People seriously needa start minding their own fckn business -.-  😤👿
 I have no contacts on my phone because t-mobile is wack as fuck .  .
 That's cool.. [newLine] ..
 RT : Can't believe  ain't gracing us tonight! Apparently a trip to London was more important!  
 I don't know what the fuck to believe anymore I'm not even sure if I have any true friends anymore but one for sure.  
 RT : Morenas at hamiltom need to chill the fuck out. 
 That's very inconsiderate of you! 
 douglas está  
  I know!! Its rediculous im sick of seeing it lol 
 My sister is the biggest prick you will ever meet. I fucking hate her! She needs to get a life before I end hers!    😡👊
 I hate work. [newLine] Work is so boring[newLine] I hate people.[newLine] I hate everything.[newLine] I can't take this. 
 I normally don't overeact about things but sometimes its the little things that annoy me.. 
 RT : I hate it when I am watching something and my mom answers her phone and continues to talk loudly for 20 mins  # ...
 I'm so pissed off. If I wasn't such a nice person I would of punched your teeth out. 
 Yeah me at age 5. 😂😡😳      
 if my sister doesnt shut up i swear ill throw her out the window!!!!!!!!!  :|
 RT : Im a bipolar bitch when i have my period      
 Last week was the only Thursday I've ever been scheduled 
 If you're going to play the victim, you're gonna have a bad time...  😡
 Immature lil douche bags please shut your mouths! 
 I can never make everyone happy!  😠
 Is it hard to do something on your own or with initiative? I just wish people can be a lil bit considerate   
 Listen to some Drake and get over it. 
 You spend more time waiting for the doctor then actually being with the doctor. 
 LISTEN IF YOUR TODLER YELLS THE WHOLE FLIGHT YOU SHOULD NOT BE A PARENT.  
 Everything isn't about you!!! Like seriously  
 Hate it when the radio plays my favourite song and then cuts half of it out 
 How you gon tell me you have something to show me, but not show me.? 😑👎👌
 I mean...I'd just like to get the classes I need before everyone and their mom takes them 😠  
 RT : Why can't things be the way they were before.. 
 Only i could buy 30 of the wrong type of batteries! 
 RT : And still, no freaking letter! 
 I honestly don't know what's your problem!  #"friend" # whatever
 My sister pisses me off so much .  😡
 And off goes my phone.... 
 Exactly why I don't come home.. 
 pissed off  [newLine] 😡😤🔫
  to the max!!
 RT : Parents  hate to be wrong I swear !! Like I just proved u wrong get over it your not Albert Einstein !! 
  !
 Had such a SHIT day!! 😔👎   .
 Am I the only person who knows what he is doing here???    
 No Venus fly trap  It was suppose to come in the mail today 
 Ignorance runs strongly within their veins.  
 Nothing is more annoying than someone saying they are on the way when they really aren't😡 
 I hate obstetric calls!!! They make me so broody! #
 I swear if you try to tell me what to do at work today it's not gonna end well 
 RT : My mom forever says i don't do anything, it's never enough.
 Sometimes I just need my space  
 RT : Why do I wake up everyday so freaking tired. 
 Don't even know what to say...  
 i think i might die.  
 Focken mosquito buzzing in my ear 
 Nothing like sitting at cherry berry listening to a bunch of little kids talk about their boyfriends. 
 I am normally not violent but to the girl that is sucking up to the teacher which is keeping the class longer I will slap you 
  if you wanna talk about equal marriage  
 Just stood outside for three and a half hours cause I forgot my key and steph just got home   
    No tension mate he ditched me for a bird  
 ... is a good guy!! Please leave him alone 
 Wow really? I've been asking you this entire week to hang out and your always busy, and now you can hang out with someone else. 
 People who move on really quickly from relationship to relationship really piss me off!   
 Ugh this bs jus put me in a bad mood.... 
   crap.  next tuesday or thursday i will be in town will be the 16th of April! 
 ugh i could have made quick cash yesterday 
 I really just want to scream f this shit &amp; go home! I really don't feel like going to 2 more classes😒  
  WHATTTT! are you having cocktails without me!!!!!!  
 Waiting an hour for a fax from cox south to get to cox north, and I still haven't gotten it. This is why I prefer Mercy. 
 Finna Gt Tf Up &amp; Go Tf Home .
 You call yourself a friend? Please you left my life just as fast as everyone else  
 can't do ote right 
 RT! ": Smh, if you want to leave then be my guest. I love you but I chase no nigga.  "
 Olha *--*       
 Nothing I do or say seems to be right. 
 Say things as a joke to wind me up okay I can laugh at that but not about things you've actually done  
 Myy day just went from good to TERRIBLE! Hit a dogg and did $1000 worth of damagee to my preciouss car!/:  
 People just call me for rides .... I'm never gonna answer the phone again! If you want Somethjng text me ... Never again -_- 
 If you are more hassle than help, why bother? 
 If you want to shut up, like you're more than welcome to 
 Мое "любимое" лекарство #badday#angry#death 
 Я с этой долбаной температурой не успела ничего за каникулы сделать 
 i just realised how much i love my mother; ILoveYou.. .
 I guess my account got hacked or something 
 Turned my proof of enrollment form in three fucking weeks ago 
 So over today  
 Shut your fucking mouth bitch            
 Every Dairy Queen should be required to have chocolate ice cream. If not you need to close down until you get it! 
 Ugh. Today is terrible. 
 Haha cool!  
 OMG STOP ! 
 Fuck dude imo kill you one day  as fuck
 Probably one of the worst days I've ever had at school! I always let my emotions &amp; people get to me!   👎😥😒
 RT :     
 I'm at that point where if you even try to talk to me I'm going to blow. 
 Sometimes being spoken to like shit can really get on my nerves 
 "No i'm not hungry" when i'm clearly starving after having nothing to eat today apart from a milkyway yog and a toffee crisp. 
 Can't have my next surgery for another 8 weeks...  
 Some kid sittin over here singing. 
 Pretty shit day can't wait for tomo off     
 RT : I swear , if I'm stuck at home sober tonight, imma shoot a bitch. 
 F*cking arpeggios -.-  
 Why can't things be the way they were before.. 
 First you make me get outta bed to shut a cabinet &amp; now teaching me how to put toilet paper on the holder? Why am I not surprised? 
 Someone tell me why people like to treat me like crap! 
 How is it that the simple things seem to be the hardest thing for some ppl 
 “: Stop texting me, stop calling me. It's been a week.  ” preach!
 Today is not my day 
  this class is actually full of idiots..  
 😔:(  
 Photo: Me#factory#photo#photography#videography#iphone4s#place#nice#people#background#see#eyes#angry#صورتي#تص... 
 Me#factory#photo#photography#videography#iphone4s#place#nice#people#background#see#eyes#angry#صورتي#تصو… 
 hearing all the teachers plans for break... wish i got one... ill be working on all the projects U assigned!!! 
 If only, if only, you could get your head out your ass &amp; shit thinking straight. 😒 
 Remember cause I was coughing this morning on the bus a lady got off!    
 Why does  wifi NEVER work?! That's 3 journeys now where I haven't been able to logon or get any proper signal. 
 This is ridiculous. This horrendous traffic to get inside  is just ridiculous. I really can't wait till The Fair is over. 
  I might not be coming now bc of the LACK of ticket I have now..... 
 I'm stuck here with jakes drama filled 10 year old sister. 🔫 Stop crying. [newLine] March Madness resumes in roughly 3 hours and  is airing NFL Live.  
 I didn't know persuading one person is so hard !  😒😔
 Sure some people were only put on this earth to piss me off !  
 I can't win.....the day you need sleep....the dogs barking the last two hours you try to sleep ruined it for me. 
 Watching  with  keeps on saying 'lion' but its a tiger 😐  XD
 if you dilont work at shit its not gonna work out smh!   af
 anyone else want to push me to the limit tonight!!    
 Just found out the commons isn't serving us dinner tonight   
 So my  pre-order of bioshock infinite seems be taking a five day trip rather than the advertised two day shipping. 
 Mfs on my TL needa stfu shit#Angry Tweet!!!!!
 “: Parents  hate to be wrong I swear !! Like I just proved u wrong get over it your not Albert Einstein !! ”
 RT : Wish u would stop thinking you're so much better than everyone[newLine] I don't understand how people can drive so slow  
 I hate it when I don't know where to begin!!! :/   
 I just don't freaking get it.  😠
 Sighhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. 
 It should be required that all iPhones should have their iMessage on and read receipts! 
 I wish some people came with a mute button  
 really need someone to just listen to me right now to just hug 
 Stp questionin me like u own me ok!. ...
 Why is it whenever I desperately want to get fucked, I can't get the privacy? 
 I hate when things don't go the way I planned.    
 It's really funny how some people think what you do is their business  
 What is up with everyone getting my food orders wrong today! 
 I'm not a child anymore... 
  would love to know what the production hold up is with the 10A Rubis with red seats    
 Andrea why 😭  
  aaaand your coffee just went out the window  &lt;/3
 i need to get out of this house. 
 Why won't you talk to me anymore?!😩😫😔 I thought you liked me!     
 Never coming to the Wendy's by my house. 
 Wow. Some people need to move on and get on with their lives. 
 I hate having practice in the middle of the day during spring break! It messes my entire day up... 
 Just hate the way he laughs....he is worse than Mawande njee#annoyed
 feeling sad all of a sudden :( 
 if my sister takes my shit and locks her door one more time  😠
 when the stoplight is red and someone's honking behind you to go... like bitch it's RED! 😡 
 not sure if I should be proud or disappointed with an 84% on public policy midterm. who am I kidding, 
 The only downfall of not going to school is having to deal with my mother. -_- 
 I was looking forward to this beautiful weather to run in today, but NOOOOO, I just HAD to get sick.  . 😡😡😡
 my mom asks me to borrow money more than I ask her. I don't even have a job. 
 I swear you have pissed me off everyday on this week, without fail!!   !!!
 Dunno what to do coz I don't even know what's going on no more...     ... :(
 My bathroom picture got today.      
 Don't lie to me about little shit that ill find out  ✌
 I've had a song stuck in my head for the longest time . 
 RT : While everyone else is arguing about politics &amp; such, I'm just over here hoping that Florida Gulf Coast upsets Florida  ...
 RT :  I snapped you that in confidence! 
              e   
 "sticks and stones will break my bones but words will never harm me" is all a lie.  
 I always chuck my phone when I get mad.  
 I just want to cuddle and sleep the rest of my day away    
 Bakit Ang hirap maging mamaya? # # # :((
 Welp now i need to look for another dress D: [newLine] RT : I seriously hate how the stupid jv baseball coach makes them practice for like 6 hours i cant talk to see my boyfrien ...
 Why isn't kik showing my messages? [newLine] UGH!!! 😡🔫 I was in such a good mood!!!!!  
 Picking presents are so hard for people  
 Hate when people bring my mood down -.- 
 Tech is bullshit sorry you're an hour late but that doesn't give you the right to push my tech time back an hour I have shit to do 
  you'll see 
 If you wanna hangout with me so bad, why are you hanging with the same person everyday, then making plans to hangout with me. 
 The worst part about sunburn is when your skin peels after   
 I was doing perfectly fine today and all you have to do is open your mouth and i get pissed off 
 RT : i need a job this is bulllllshit 😔 
 Why does this keep happening to me? 
 Eyewitness Confirms Justin Biebr Spat at Neighbor! http:/2013/03/28/eyewitness-confirms-justin-bieber-spat-at-neighbor/?tb  
 The cruelest thing  has done to  is leaving the  when taking the  [newLine] ache[newLine] I can never do anything right 
 Don't complain about your relationship problems when you're doing shit behind his back. 
 Status:  =(
 Just watch child abuse happen in the bathroom and couldn't say anything crying from shock now   
 I promise he really irking my nerve now😠😠 
 Stop texting me, stop calling me. It's been a week.  
 Boys. Boys. Boys.  
 My head is two seconds from exploding. Again. I am not living life this way.   #🙀
 Soooooooooo yea, we locked out my house. And late for practice.    lol 
 My neighbour is like 50 and he starts riding a loud ass pocket bike around in his backyard right as I lay down to take a nap..  
 RT : When you have a different guy coming up to your locker after each after your def a slut lmaoo 😂    ...
 what people need to realize is, if there is a fight between two ppl or friends, ITS BETWEEN THEM TWO not you others. 
 When my dad takes things too seriously &lt;&lt; 
 but I cant make it..  😟😟😟😔😢
 Today can suck my dick...seriously. just choke on it. 
 OK the promo for spring fest is going to have to be limited to one tweet per person ! 
 Black tea it is cause the uni cleaners stole my secret UHT milk portion stash  
 you have no room to talk. . 😤😠
 Definitely me this morning   
 You're making this whole thing 1000 times harder. So just stop. 
 Zack has not stopped talking since he got home 3 hours ago   
 wow. doing nothing tonight. 😫 what a bummer.  
 nothing is more annoying than someone saying there one there way when they really AREN'T.  😡
 WHERE ARE YOU? 😞
 One of the spikes has just come out of my  !!!!!   
 Really wanna go to the Hudson WLMS game but no my mom won't take me!😩  
 The video I jus watched on fb &lt;&lt;&lt; I don't wish that shit on anybody.    😖
 Thank you NCAA for screwing me over for another season  
 I don't know you, and certainly don't know why you've decided to invade my personal space  
 this day can end anytime now!  
 Northern Ireland law says that on Good Friday bars can serve from 5-11pm and offies from 8-11pm[newLine] People Act So Fucken Stupid 
 Stop prank calling me. Forreal doe. Its annoying. You will find your head up your ass next time. Lmaoooo. .
 Why are there so many middle schoolers at my house right now  
 There is nothing worse than getting sick when you need all your energy for your 15 page trial brief!   Someone sing me soft kitty
 Anyone looking for experienced salespeople?? 
 ok now we have a problem i tried to b nice now when i find out who used my debit card for a $400 transaction its gonna b a prob 
 RT : OK the promo for spring fest is going to have to be limited to one tweet per person ! 
 You just had to ruin my day!!  
 Why even take medicine if you end up needing another medicine for the side effects of the first??  
 RT : Get me out of this airport now 😁😠😑 
 Roll up the rims are the cause of my life's struggle     
  I snapped you that in confidence! 
 Sanessa needs to stop tweeting Pitch Perfect.   
 Lets go Zona!!  
 E ja nao vou aos imagine dragons  
  hahaha i am not! 
 Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!! 
 RT :       hahahaha :)) 
 I'm always just a second choice. [newLine] Can't think of a film to watch! 
 I wish the computers in the chem study room would actually let me log in so I can print off my homework!!  
 Hate being lied to. 
 I'm so hungry and I can't even get into my house 
 Omg. 
 Just lost My Uni Work!!!  
 RT : ": Nobody cares about you damn stupid book with your damn fat texts, everybody hates you.  😐"
 I wish you would stay out of my business. It's my life not yours  
 Gosh im so tired and sleepy but how can i sleep when these brat cousins of mine are making noise 
 How the fuck does a dog eat a coffee cup!? 
 When Kenzy sits on her phone the whole time we hang out &lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Stuck in traffic 
 Trying to figure out my school schedule for next semester....  everything is overlapping!  
 When you forget you're head phone 
 I hate it when I am watching something and my mom answers her phone and continues to talk loudly for 20 mins  
 Why can my brain not comprehend that the shuttle point is now at Millet..? 
 Physics isn't offered in the summer.. Are you serious? This messes up EVERYTHING . 
 I hate Baton Rouge traffic more than anything 
 Some people need to learn how to listen 
 Wish I could go home today, but no I have class tonight and too much crap to get done. 😖 
 I really fucking hate it when you fucking take for ever in the bathrooms…. 
 My favourite thing about going to the doctor? Waiting over 30 mins.        
 RT : 17, break up with your bf, get back with him now your getting married? Ummm it's never gunna work.  
 When you have every good reason in the world to quit a team, but you don't because you're not a quitter..  
 You piss me offf a lot 
 The only thing good about this pedicure is the message chair. 
 Today has been an interesting day.... Not sure how I feel but I know I want to cry... And I don't like it one bit.  
 My twitter app hasn't been working all day. I hate technology 
 RT : I have a lot of thinking to do today and tonight. :((       # ...
 Just wasted £12 on a claw machine and won nothing. I had a mental brakedown in an arcade. Stupid toy cupcakes   
 My brand new contacts would get a scratch almost immediately. 😠 
 By the time I got done with my poetry notebook, I should be a professional poet.. 
 People are so dumb 
 Just recieved a picture of  shit! 
  I'm not even joking either I'm showing  
 Lost my old blistex before i finished it up and now I have to open my new one. 
 Laughing at City fan taking offence at me pointing out easy for City to have cheap tickets when bankrolled by outside riches. 
 Not in the mood for shit... 
 It's really pathetic that I can't even stand to even look at you anymore.   
 There are some horrible people in this world  
 ...you don't even know who iginla is. please hush your mouth.  
 RT :  unreal! Think your gonna be a page 3 model with a mug like that dream on love.  
 Knew second guessing on tests would mess me up 
 Got out of class 30 minutes late when it was already a 3 hour class. Not cool dude, not cool.  
 Think I might stay clear of everyone today. Might knock someone out     
 If I can hear your music from 7 rows away it's too loud  
 The way you stare at 'her' now, is the way you use to stare at me. 
 This is exactly why I never go to the doctor... 
 I wish I could actually watch  without the tv becoming all pixely and cutting out every thirty seconds 
 RT : If you want to shut up, like you're more than welcome to 
 My sister can be the most annoying person ever.  
 Everytime I rollup the rim and see "Please play again" it's like a daggar through my heart 
 Why do you feel the need to watch my every move? 
 RT : i need to get out of this house. 
  it would take a monumental experience to change my mind. 
 Some lady almost took the back end of my car off cause she couldn't wait five seconds till I finished backing out 😡  
 What a thoroughly shit day at work. And just to compound it all, I'm in one of those moods where I hate the fact I'm single :-( 
 In so tired of my nose bleeding like everytime I blow it   😡😡😡
 Hate hearing you shout and scream makes me    
 When my beats run out of battery &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 😡😡😡😡 
      hahaha I saw this on my news feed and was like .... Why worn me? Xx
 Need somebody to lean on 
 Spent a good 20 minutes trying to figure out why my code wasn't working, only to find out I just needed to add a simple &gt; after 
 I really hate that you ask one simple questions and 30 minutes later it still had not been answered... 
 RT : Some of the EC confessions on FB are disgusting!! There's just something's you don't need to confess.  
 I fucking hate technology.. No scratch that...Technology fucking hates me  😡🔫
 RT : I cannot deal with these ignorant people that work at restaurants 
 Asif my mum just threw away my pizza I was quite clearly saving for cold pizza 
 Knowing this is the last night of hockey makes me upset 😭👎   
 The REAL Angry Bird (I photographed his mate and he attacked me)   
 RT : Really? You're a whore, so stfu.  
 What a miserable week   
 When something happens and it hurts you down to the core 
 Morenas at hamiltom need to chill the fuck out. 
 I don't understand why people can't ask to use my stuff... Don't just take it and leave it there for me to find 
 Starting to be the worst birthday ever. 
 There is just no need to take things way over board.   Its not nice and is just horrible.  
 Imma just chill now 
 Wow Eddie is so annoying 
 ": " why bud ;)
 RT : Trying to figure out my school schedule for next semester....  everything is overlapping!  
  well Jonah decides to go use my kite paper soo. Im not making one...  ...
 My  has     
 can't ote right! 
  taxis fault! Dont know where it is! 
 Can't believe  ain't gracing us tonight! Apparently a trip to London was more important!  
 Bread Co wifi is killing me right now. I've been trying to download this immunology lecture for almost an hour 
 Loving yourself is the hardest battle to conquer.     … 
 Oh yea! I don't mind your baby screaming in my ear!  
 I hate how EVERY little thing needs to match for softball  
 You are so fucking filthy. I can't believe you.  
 It's amazing the amount of laundry I have to do.  
  grow up and stop tweeting about me 
 Mean is eating the last  Cookie and then putting the empty box on the shelf for me to find!  
 slapen.   
 I cannot sit in the chair for 5 more seconds..  
 عندما يغضب خالد، يطلع البوز الصدقي 😁 من تصوير أبوه.       … 
 Shit I hate: when the person you like likes someone who doesn't even care about them. 
 I love how going out to dinner turned into me having to order takeout and go pick it up 
 Taylor swift is appearing on new girl season finale 😡🙈👎😤  
  scores  assisted by  and the mustangs win  5-2!!!!!   
 Um... I call bullshit. 
 I dont see how something can go from so perfect to so wrong in the matter of secounds. 
 Peoria is officially  bound Saturday  
 It saddens me to see that we STILL have homeless &amp; starving people in America, yet Steven Cohen paid $155,000,000 for a painting! 
 Why can't just one thing I do ever be good enough for you? 
 "Played" Portal 2 for a little less than an hour. I never want to play any video game ever again  
 Holy shit bitch, shut the fuck up. 
 You'll find out who your friends are 😞#peaklife   
 Phaha today's been fun. Feet are killing now like. Why can't I have a lie in in the morning.  
 Nothing will stay down. Fml !  
 I don't understand why doctors make you make an appointment when they're never on time!  😠
 Parents  hate to be wrong I swear !! Like I just proved u wrong get over it your not Albert Einstein !! 
 I am very angry at the military system right now.   
 cannot be around people right now..    
 RT : I need to get out of this house for a week or two... Or maybe the rest of my life 
 So selfish!! 
 They're coming. NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  
 Dont call me then stop talking to me . [newLine] Come to Walmart to find  not in his car!!  
 Well this is turning out to be a shit day!!     😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
 Pissed Off is not the word    
 RT : Why lie? I'm gonna find out eventually?..   
 There are no sharks here!!😓😭😞   @ Vancouver Aquarium 
  Syracuse and Indiana I smell an !
 When I have to go to work my day instantly goes down the shitter  
 For all the douche bags just looking to get some, please look somewhere else.. I am not interested 
       hahahaha :)) 
 Like really...? 😒 
 Fucking hate eczema  😔
 This is what Edgar would look like if he was an angry bird haha 😂 eldurito75    … 
 My 12 year old brother never shuts up . 
 these little kids who are kicking their ball against my window and walking on my porch are about to hear some unfriendly words. 
 Can you imagine waking up to the sound of someone puking  😖
  it does it automatically! &gt;.&lt;   
 I cannot deal with these ignorant people that work at restaurants 
 My dad took his dog a bath, but didn't take mine a bath. .
 RT : When I have to go to work my day instantly goes down the shitter  
  Honestly I Cant haha     
 If I never see a tax form again I would be happy!!  
 Aaannnnd he's going off again about his fitness guru while he smokes a cigarette &amp; drinks his monster smh 
 5 doctors appointments, 2 chest X-rays, an EKG, and a CT scan and the doctors still don't know what's wrong... 😠😱😳 
 I just don understand what people do I would just nvr do something like that     
 is anyone else's Instagram spazzing out? 
 sometimes I am so glad that I am dealing with people in an online enviroment at work and not face to face. 
 If nobody cared why should I ? 
 There is wayy too much food prepped from today, it better get used before Sunday  
 'Tête bondée de grenades... :(   
 So stupid why does it cost so much to call people from mexico!  
    Thank you! You r a great Patriot,2 It's not what was said, just so much negativity on here I'm 
 At the spawn of satins house waiting for Brandon to get back in the car. 
 this is an irritated tweet. 
 Can't believe I have to miss two of the biggest aau months of the year because of fucking wrist surgery. Fuck you kenmore west. 
 I just wanna go home already 😩😑  
 My TV &amp; Satellite Magazine has already spoiled me for tonight's . Well done, fuckwits 
 Sometimes I piss myself off so bad 
 Why is putting music on your phone so damn difficult with a mac , still have yet to figure it out. I just want to workout 
 Little Photoshop fun     
 RT : I've realized I'm way to forgiving of a person.. but the one time I do something wrong its the end of the world.  
 When someone starts to annoy you, everything they becomes so annoying!   
 I can cry all I want but it won't change anything. I really need a friend right now :/[newLine] “:  I have been on  level 29 for 4 days.  ?” No, it sucks sometimes 
     yeaaah  
 Where is my phone?!!? Why aren't you here yet?! You was suppose to be here two days ago!!!!  
 Being stuck here while I could be doing something else is a waste.  
 Sisters using up all the hot water 
  smh 😒
 RT : this world is sick , you guys are always quick to judge someone , they choose to live how they want 
 Only when I decide to take a nap niggas decide to vacuum and call Pakistan and shit.  
 Nothing more depressing than checking the mail for a package and it not being there -_- I just want my Davey Suicide package :( 
 Ugh[newLine] I hate spam messages on facebook my phone was blowing up my entire crim class  
 who knew one mistake can change absolutely everything   
 Grow up. Work is work. Don’t bring that shit in here. 
 Maybe this isn't what I should be doing with my life.    
 When I say you are my last customer for the day it's not an invitation for you to preach to me about the bible. Sorry fuck off. 
 I'm so fucking tired of dealing with you. Get your shit together, and stop telling me everything last minute.   😡😡
 Why would I be friends with you when all you did was make fun of me? 
 omg do these people have to scream when they are sitting right next to eachother... 
 I really hope this is not how my whole break is going to be 
  I thought you said Terrorvision there… when you said I'd like it I was proper . As it is, you're right.
 Acne should just be done with after you turn 18 or something. The state of california is on my face. 
 Family is everything but I need a break from them every now n then..   
 Why is it taking 5 years for this game to download?!?!?!?   
 What are all these college visits today?! 
 Everybody needs to shut the fuck up.   
 These men are wearing $200-$300 pair of Jordan's but riding the bus to get around. Smh !
 A good day has turned out crap 
 People should stop sending stupid spam dm's that no body looks at or cares about .   
 Loads of things going through my head  
 If I have to be on time, you could be a little more prompt 
 40 Year Old Virgins...... Pure Filth.   
 I don't know why I continue to come home. 
 RT : Fuck me theres a whole gaggle of them now,buckie by the gallon and tin foil by the roll.Fuck it my nxt piss is thru  ...
  u really had to say that 
 RT : Someone tell me why people like to treat me like crap! 
 Omg my moms been on my case lately. 
 Ughh arguments! 
 Oh, you thought that picture was ugly ? But you upload it anyways.. That makes perfect sense.... Bravo 👍👏👏😒    
    and I have an almost full cup. I hate you guys today!  the middle Tennessee one in the boro sucks
 I don't even know what's going on now...[newLine] In such a bad mood 
 I just want away from everyone  
 This day just keeps getting better......not
And no one is helping out....  
 RT : When you don't know what to say or do &lt;&lt; 
 RT : When ever im trying to get somewhere I get behind the slowest people ever 
 RT : Why do people always make emotions so complicated when really there's nothing complicated about them.... 
 My dads a realist and he opens my eyes on a lot of people    😒
 If we stop for another bathroom break i might just get out and walk the rest of the way. 
 Every day i come home i have to clean this damn house from floor to fucking roof !!  -.-
 McQueen has to have issues when they don't let you go to the fucking bathroom. 🔥   
 RT : Probably one of the worst days I've ever had at school! I always let my emotions &amp; people get to me!   ...
 Work can kiss my ass 
 Kids that will not work 
 I'm so effing annoyed right now!!! Way to make my day 
 Now convinced that what the majority of men use Internet for when they're alone makes me never want to touch a guy's comp again 
 seriously wish I had my license so I didn't have to depend on my forgetful mother to take me to the gym. 
 What I seen at Mi Tienda   
 My ear is going to drive me insane if it doesn't quit doing whatever it's doing!  😒
 What the hell is wrong with YouTube and their scary ass movie trailers. 
 RT : $2100 in taxes this paycheck  .. Fuck Obama.. Said we wouldn't see a dime raise in taxes  
 you are such a little bitch rahhhhh ! 
 Too many girls have "keep your heels &amp; standards high" now 😒  lol
 Sometimes I feel bad, and other times I feel like you deserve everything that's coming your way  .
 Wow! Sorry mom and dad that I make mistakes while driving  
 RT :   use ur app 2order,paypal £27 taken twice,yet u rcvd no order we're stillhungry nearly £60 down.Not UR p ...
 The little fucker stole my staple and refuses to give it back   
 Aww joey looks so sad. He knows he's moving away :(     
 If my mama that fucking forgetful I need to put her ass in a Resthome cause her ass has Alzheimer's 
 Phone isn't working....screen is black 
 Can't believe I just draw that game 😥   
 RT : For at least one day, 34 years old &gt; World #1.       ...
 Really don't want to work tonight :( 
 Swear my job some shit smh. Clocked out early and all. 
 About to work my ass off tonight! 
 It would be cool with me if every boxed hair color would be burned.  
 The lack of maturity in this generation is alarming  
 "library" it has 2 r's so please stop saying "libary"  
 RT : Stop trying to order me around like you're my parent.. 
 Cannot believe how unbelievably selfish people are, not everything is about you...I'm sorry but get over yourself  
 Whenever I see someone eating McDonald's I just want to go up to them and be like "you're killing yourself, idiot!" 
 I hate when people waste my time 😡 I could of still been sleeping this cold off. Welp glad I didn't leave and go anywhere. 
 When you just put yourself into a bummy mood.  
 Can not wait to get my place may can't come soon enough!   
  Drake Take You Down*    lol:/
 I regret following you now, your twitter name itself is already annoying me 
 Bad news after bad news  
 Tried to take a shower. Failed.  
 Every birthday post that has Tawjihi mentioned in it will not be liked.. Nobody will notice but yeah 
 RT :   
 I hate when people just put their two sense in something when they have no idea what they are talking about. 
 Don't make plans when your just gonna cancel! 
 Why do I have to get sick right before the first outdoor meet! Do I have bad karma or something?  
 I will never understand why the same person gets away with stuff they shouldn't....
 I feel like beating the fuck out of somebody. 
 Who knew college would get so hard 
  will kill anyone today!!!    and have to work... 
 “: What is up with everyone getting my food orders wrong today! ” ugh I hate when that happens! 😒
 This is why I've never heard of her. I don't watch America's Got Talent. Why didn't anyone tell me!!! .
 My day&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Some bitches will never learn! It's over and no one cares anymore! Drop it! It's why no one likes you! Hello take the hint! 
 I'm really confused about this recently!!!! 
 bad times when your kebab comes with cheese ..      
 Oh holy goodness  
 Brilliant work, there, IGDA. What do you do for an encore...women wearing corsets in the workplace?  
 No sleep for me tonight   
 The fact that there is no chocolate in my house right now!😩   
 Everyone stay out my way tonight.   got orange hair and can't put a brush through it!!
 I surely needed to wear a belt today. 
 I hate having knee problems and not being able to run outside on this gorgeous day 
 RT : Wodke Hawkinson  on Sony:    
 Drive through penalty because Maldanado drove into the back of me on a tight corner on the second to last lap!!   -17th
 The only thing I find annoying right now is being at work around crying babies!  
 Y JOE WILL WAIT, JOE WILL WAIT...PA TI! XD MY WEIRDASS VERSION OF SPANGLISH-ING SONGS ON THE RADIO THAT ALWAYS  
    [newLine] When your "friend" tells you she slept with your boyfriend.   
 Uhm WTF. They still don't have my glasses ready. Are you kidding me? It's almost been a whole week. Get your shit together. 
 My mom forever says i don't do anything, it's never enough.
 I got the exact same score as the first time 
 HOW IN DA HELL did I not know that one of my all time favorite artist was in town?!?!?!    
 All day working on an assignment and 10% progress :( 
 A day filled with cleaning. 
 Oh yea, I don't mind your baby screening in my ear! 
 Qué dicha haber nacido en Londres a ver si todo el hp mundo deja de llegar tarde a todas partes 
 You always text me at the worst times.  
 watching youtube videos in class...I do this at home  !
 Someone tell JP i said. "No excusesssss!" 
  D: Damn you, you won ¬.¬ 
 RT : I can never make everyone happy!  😠
 Some of the stuff girls have done is disgusting thinking about it 
 Hooked on   still  that  and Brandon don't like each other 
 ": My chicken and bacon pasta bake has no bacon in it " scammed
 My dad just puts me in the worst of moods and knows how to turn a good day around 
 RT : I just want to graduate already. 
 RT : People who want big things, but don't want to work for them are pathetic  
  Its seems brilliant :L but it says: "OH NO, WE TOO POPULAR FO' REALZ" i was so  :( but thank u for telling me FO SHOR!
 Mums being a shite and making me walk home  
 I hate 16 and pregnant  
 cant sleep to angry  !!!!!!!!!
 Emily takes forever to tan. [newLine] RT : عندما يغضب خالد، يطلع البوز الصدقي 😁 من تصوير أبوه.       … 
 I need some more people to hang out cuz this shit is gettin old 
 We see you picking your nose and you still continue to do it 
 Oh good lord another one. Is my number associated with Spanish-speaking people? If so, WHY AND HOWW  
 London traffic is the worst 
 RT : She said she feels it turtling... 
 I should be out tonight 
 I hate when traffic makes me late for work 
 I have better things to do than this. 
 Today started cool, and ended pretty shitty...  
  hello there I am so anoyed that #90210 season5 hasnt came on my TV     CAT Plz tell me when it is on!  over here
 Why is it you start feeling poorly when you finish work for a hol? 
 Whoever was in 2 girls 1 cup should go die and I will sue them because my eyeballs are sweating barf and blood I'm sorry 
 this game is unreal   
 Web you text people and they don't text you back... I'd rather you just tell me you don't want to talk to me. 
  ugh when I go in tomorrow in gonna figure this all out !! 
 Why am I so annoyed by people.  
 Every single bathing suit i want is sold out!! Its not even april!! 
 Why am I rushing to get ready when I'm not even doing anything 
  I agree, it's disgusting how this country is run. Especially considering all the money the gov waste on themselves 
 RT : I can't wait for summer to come. I'm so tired of this stupid rain and coldness. 
  I'm twitching 
 RT : I just want to cuddle and sleep the rest of my day away    
 I'm so madd I wanna be watching friggin baseball not sitting in my room!    anybody wanna take me??
 Oooh i really could kick the shit out of someone! 
 50$ to unclog my toilet that I didn't even clog! Bull 💩 
 I just dont know what to do   
 Rick Ross Clears Up Date Rape Lyrics: 'It Was A Misinterpretation'  via    
 Well it's gonna be a slow comeback 
 Ladies, NO ONE...and I mean NO ONE other than YOURSELF needs to know you are in your time of the month. 
  Some people have no clue what they are talking about 
 I wish I could tell you how I really feel about you...some people   
 Leave me the fuck out of your emotional trainwreck.   
 RT : I absolutely HATE waiting around for people. If we say a time, don't be late or make excuses 
 Can you just shut up?  
 k asshole . 
 I don't think Ryan understands that I am a girl and I will get pissed off easily at him... 😠 
 when your mom is being a fuckin bitch and blaming you for her mistakes  
    😒😤😑
 I'm such an idiot oh my god😓😖😤👊   
 When your dad disses a Christian radio station 
 When there are policies and procedures in place why must you insist on not following them? Making my job WAY more difficult. 
 don't know why 5seconds with my mom she winds up pissing me off  
 Watching Louis Theroux's documentary on the Westboro Baptist Church and I just want to barf my brains out. 
 Well at least today started well.  
 Second day in a row I'm  by teenagers WTF is up w that generation ?  I know a handful that are awesome but... The rest ...
 I swear to god:/// . 
 Argh how bloody difficult is it trying to get my stuff!  [newLine] Just want my things bloody hell! 
 Don't say you're going to do something if you're not going to do it.  
 Idk how I feel about this. it's like I was ever even your friend or something :/   
 Bout she can't wait for the day to bleh bleh...Smh...
 How hard is it to be on time for once 
 getting myself so wound up    
 Urgh this is why I hate taking the bus!! 
 Lay down PAIN, sit down PAIN, stand up PAIN... Whatever I do I have pain!   😫😭
 Member appreciation day is also known as annoy the living shit out of employee day...   
 seriously tho.. this phone only seems to ring when im away from my desk. 
 Days like this make me furious that I can't do track.  😤
 Little fucker stole my stapler and refuses to tell me where it is   
 Like hurry tf up I'm tryna do this 
 Hypocrites Do My Head In 
 How are you going to give me an unexcused absence because of car trouble? 
 Uhhh. 
 RT : Sometimes it's really hard being friends with you   
 One of my most favorite things in the world is being lied to.. 
 That moment when ur leaving ur sisters house with ur mom, thinking please save me from her 
 I just need to sit down and cry right now. 
 People who want big things, but don't want to work for them are pathetic  
 Microsoft’s 3D     a very    
 RT : Why are guys such insensitive jerks?? Smh...   
 If  does not stop making me and  drive all over this golf course. We will have a problem . 
 When your mom acts like a total nut case      
 Officially HATE looking at cars 
 So upset! 
 Lost by one point.... 
 I feel like I can't get away.... Ugh 
 Today people have really been grinding my gears.  When friends aren't friends and people are unprepared. 
 So much for those plans -.-  
 My brother spat in my food ... I'm sorry didn't realize you were raised by animals  
 Really freaking .
 Never was and never will be good enough for you. Why i continue to try, i dont know.. 
 Oh no. Its okay laptop, dont turn on. It's not like I have to work on my portfolio or anything. Dont worry, really. Its okay. -_- 
 Smh, if you want to leave then be my guest. I love you but I chase no nigga.  
 Havee to share my easter egg with the fam...  but ...
 RT : This day turned around real fast. 
 Missing riding for a doctors appointment 
 But see, if I did the same thing it would be a whole different story 
 RT : wtf? Ok? 
 They sent me the wrong size shoes!!!! 
 RT : If you don't have time for me, I don't have time for you. 
 ": Wish u would stop thinking you're so much better than everyone[newLine]  "
 ALL I AM TRYING TO DO IS VIDEOCHAT WITH  WHAT THE FUCK SKYPE 
 Just stop..It's not even funny. Get your own guy.  😒
 Photo: My bathroom picture got today.      
 So irrational 
 Those people who like every single god damn picture on your Instagram 
 "No offence but I hate all screamo music" is the most frustrating phrase to hear because its hard to explain  
 Still haven't been seen yet! I've been here for 45 minutes! 
 WTF ther ar no lights in ma hood wtf is up wit dat... 
 Bakit Ang hirap maging masaya? # # tired and #. :((
 Fuck me theres a whole gaggle of them now,buckie by the gallon and tin foil by the roll.Fuck it my nxt piss is thru her letterbox 
 Ewwwwwww, I have to go clean my ears. Wish those ppl wouldn't make me clean my newly pierced ears! It hurts like crap! 
 Eyewitness Confirms Justin Biebr Spat at Neighbor!   http:/2013/03/28/eyewitness-confirms-justin-bieber-spat-at-neighbor/?tb
 I feel like I need to talk to you but I know that talking to you is the worst idea  
  sorry baby xxxxxxxx ily    
 My parents over react about everything.   And I mean EVERYTHING.😠😡😳 
  I hate u sooo much right now ... why didn't u take me with u 
 Always busy never time to just relax 
 A fire alarm during Spring Break? Really? Horrible way to wake up from a nap. 
 Neeeeed to go gym tonight  
 Fuck fuck fuck! fuck you!    
  I dont wanna do anything right now, i just wanna lay in bed &amp; sleep. 
  with stupid people
 RT : My BIGGEST pet peeve is waiting on people. Don't tell me you're coming and then go do something and make me wait. 
 Whatever.  😕
 “: One of the spikes has just come out of my  !!!!!   ” looks like 'worn the Monce' haha 
 Feeling  😖
 Sometimes I just wished u never existed  -.-
 Doesn't understand why girls from india choose to dress what they believe is    I be rocking sweats 
 RT : I always talk to you. How bout you talk to me this time?  
 Can't think of what Xbox 360 game I want to play   #🎮
 Today is just not my day 
 Bitches tryna tell me shit I already knowww. ✋Stop. 
 best time to do roadwork..right when everyone is getting out of work    
 Why can't this guy just let us out if class early. Nobody is even here anyways. 
 Learn The Meaning Of The Word, Then Come At Me 
 RT : Don't lie to me about little shit that ill find out  ✌
 Today did not go as plan :@ 
 RT : Good choice on hashtags I like how they're totally relevant to the picture 
 When i'm in the height of it . . Jesus people would wanna run a mile. I'm like a demon, and it take me hours to get out of them. . 
 RT : i'm in love with this swimsuit but i don't want to pay $50 just for the top.. i don't understand why a top has to cost so ...
 USE YOUR DAMN BLINKERS PEOPLE! 
 I hate not doing as I please and I hate not getting my way. 
 Sometimes it's really hard being friends with you   
  you're at Starbucks without me 
 “: I couldn't wait to come home and nap but now I'm laying down and can't sleeep ” ill read you a bed time story&lt;3
 I don't care who you are right now if you talk to me I will bite your head off 
 Can't even have a beer 
 Ima go &amp;&amp; get fucked up! !
 You not responding to my texts in the middle of our convos is getting real old 
 I &lt;3 being lied to! 
 RT :              e    ...
 Diet is finally over 2moro can't wait 2 start feeling normal again     stupid veg n fruit done nothing 
 Been stuck in traffic for almost an hour. Wtf.     
 RT : Beyond tired of these mixed signals I'm getting from you 
 My phone wont send any of my messages 
 What the hell Stephanie Meyer?!   
 RT : Just read about what happened to Mrs. Vinion. Who the fuck does that. 
 Flat tires are dumb. 
 Holy fuck I hate the sound of a vacuum#annoyed
 Never thought I'd be that girl chasing a hopeless romance...What a dumb ass    😔
 You're not who I thought you were. 
 Kids on the bus &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; everything 
 I always talk to you. How bout you talk to me this time?  
 I don't understand the need to degrade me in front of the entire room 
 Why have half my clothes gone missing 
 Seriously ready to go home 
   I know whats she playin at thinkin theyre boss? 
 Arizona wins tonight by 6 
 Fuck you! 
 My mood now   -pro2 
 Didn't even place in a medal today...  
 I have the best idea ever, shut up. 
 No mad is an UNDERSTATMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
 Over guitar. It's pointless and stupid. [newLine] Ugh in such a bad mood, hate everyone   
 Do you really have to fangirl right down the hall?! Seriously. 
 You're seriously one of the biggest liars in the entire world.  
 Sticking to my trustworthy decent swimsuit of 6 yrs now thank u! But what if ppl don't want to wear bikinis??  
 I don't want to talk,see, or hear anyone for the rest of the damn day!    
 I didn't know Carthage had so many rude people. [newLine] Don't ruin my spring break already ... 
 That lady pisses me off all the time. Leave and get another jib! 
 Okay seriously I'm not a little kid. Ur like 2 years older than me 😡 
 All right , thanks for telling me the WRONG information to submit my damaged baggage claim. Beyond .
 Just cut it SHORT! Bye long hair!    you're   … 
 Feeling like your going to cry....for no reason. 
 The fact my parents wont letr me drive pisses me off   #
  watching Tarzan with Soph, started laughing.. all I can think of is us,primary,cinema, ponytail guy 'n chewing gum  
 Just wanna get fucked up!    
 Literally about to go pee in the men's restroom, can't find the stupid women's restroom in this library. 
 Nobody cares about you damn stupid book with your damn fat texts, everybody hates you.  😐
 Mii Mood &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Dude &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Headache&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Mii Day So Far &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  &amp; Frustrated
 U knw how they have AA or Al-Anon support groups....really need a In-laws support group 
 ": Nobody cares about you damn stupid book with your damn fat texts, everybody hates you.  😐"
 Ugh my workout is killed for the 2nd day in a row 
 Can't catch a break seriously! 
  what ever that is it is not ok  
 Having to go back to work literally right after I got out because the people I work with have IQs under 10 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Cine:       
  I am beyond  I didn't get my  wish today. All I wanted was to see you  at the .  ! love you!
 And still, no freaking letter! 
 Goodthing you aren't driving around uselessly after telling me I couldn't use my money for gas for my trip to save money  
 The one day it is warm and sunny we have seminar. 
 Je vais faire un meurtre capillaire ! 😤😡   
 Desperately need some sleep! I'm starting to let little things get to me!! [newLine] an im sure yu kno exactly who yu are ....../hurt    -__-
 no idea what to do anymore 😒 
 Can this day from hell please be over?  
 i dont understand why you wont answer me  
 I absolutely HATE waiting around for people. If we say a time, don't be late or make excuses 
 Why didn't anyone tell me packing the day before you go on holiday is a bad idea 
 Ive ben waiting for this appt for fukin 45 min already!!!! Wtf #annoyed#irritated
 That movie in English wasn't a good way to end my day...  Not to mention someone RUINING it for me! 
 Still here. Sales is empty, programming is gone, logs for the weekend are printed... Why are we still here? 
 For the last time, I voted  
 Argh shut up! Noisy neighbours! 
 RT : Laughing at City fan taking offence at me pointing out easy for City to have cheap tickets when bankrolled by outside riche ...
 I really needa talk to him he the only person I can tlk to bout anything right now! 
 RT :  update as requested: waited for a callback last night and ended up having to ring you again. No further  ...
 So... Is that all I get? 
 RT : Stuck in traffic 
 Fifty minutes later we FINALLY get our starter. 
 I don't see why I pay for my own phone when my mom never even pays for the actual bill.  
 My throat isn't getting any better and i've been drinking lemon juice with honey, aghhh. 
 C'est sérieux ça de fermer la A3 à cette heure la franchement!!!! 
 Just got home  and  WHY CANT PPL JUST LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE 
 #birds😋 
 I'm supposed to feel accomplished and productive why do I feel like I do more on my own. 
    ALL IN ONE! 😤😤😒
 Ugh 
 Ignorance is bliss! Wait till it bites you back you moron! 
 Cannot fuckin stand when isave something for myself then someone takes itt without asking!!  
 What's with all the stupid drivers today  
 what's that spent my whole day in the library to do god awful on this test 
  I know sorry babe I thinks it's not this episode! They told me it is! 
 if i don't get to leave work early, well..I'm leaving anyways 
 Why am I always put out to be the bad guy... its always my fault...   
 this world is sick , you guys are always quick to judge someone , they choose to live how they want 
 Quit making love quotes your like 8  
 I was ONE point away on the ACT from the score needed for Honors College and top scholarships. ONE. ARGHHHHHH  
 servers are down. great.   
 RT : There is nothing more annoying than a noisy eater !       [newLine] '  by my little sister
 This was my response when a non rugby fan just asked me what the "big deal is" about tomorrow  
 This is a fucking joke. [newLine] Why can't you delete a retweet..unless you find where you retweeted it from😑 
 RT : I hate it went you text someone and you know their ignoring you because their always on their phone 
 Fed up of feeling like this now! I can't even get out of the house!   
 Why are guys such insensitive jerks?? Smh...   
 Next time I go out I'm just going to say I don't own a phone.   lol.
 Nothing like havin class go over by 30 minutes!  
 So ready to get out of Montague.. 
 I had full intentions of swimming after sprints and weights. And then everyone and their mother got in the pool 
 RT : Quit making love quotes your like 8  
 Someone give me something to do. I'm about to rip my hair out. [newLine] You have no idea what you're talking about.   
 Not letting this happen again 
 Done talking to people today. Just gonna hang out with my fam and enjoy the time with them. :)  
 I need to get out of this house for a week or two... Or maybe the rest of my life 
 I never thought mozzarella sticks could be so disappointing =[ 
 Somehow how no matter what I do, my mind always goes back to you 
 I have finally have money to get what I want and my moms still refusing? Cool. ? 
 Why is Seneca's security guard so rude/mean?  
 The spouse only just watched this week's [newLine] On the basis of her excited utterances, she's clearly a Willicia shipper[newLine] I don't think you realize the things you say to me when you say them.  
 How can I sleep?  
 No one cares. [newLine] This lady needs to get out of my shop, the sign clearly says we close at 5:30 
 You're such a bitch lol  👊👊
 Cheating is never okay. There is no justification for it. Just don't.  &gt;:O
 Sent Josh's basket on Monday and they said it would be there by Wednesday. It's Thursday and its not... 
 I hate that no one will ever give anyone a chance I wish people would just STOP ASSUMING  
 Gahh! Get me outta here! I dont wanna work anymore! 
 Just over it all. Shit is all fucked up.      … 
 Omg the little kids that live next to meee never shut up!!! 
 Eeerrrrgg 
 what are yuu talking about? 
 bronchitis. really on all weekends 
 Seconds from ripping all my hair out 
 If you're going to skype your boyfriend the least you could do is shut your door so I don't have to listen to it  
 My whole body is shaking uncontrollably 
 RT : I'm at that point where if you even try to talk to me I'm going to blow. 
 RT : I just wanna move out!   
 ewww wtf did i just see 😖😩[newLine] Wow what a great way to ruin something so good! 
 Asiff I forgot  was in town tonight! Why do I always miss him when he was in Liverpool!! Why why why!  😒
 I just wanna cry 
 When will I be good enough for you? 
 &amp; they are basically screaming in this plane. I'D LIKE TO SLEEP PLEASE  
 Out for a walk.  
 got the wrong flag in the mail i ordered a KCCO but got the keep calm and chive on one   
 Today has just turned to shit.  
 Dad comes in and has a massive grant about the price of a KitKat 
 RT : Dear  : please put my tax dollars back into UN action against drought and out of costly ads for your economic  ...
 Sometime i love you but sometimes you just don't know when to stop and your annoying  
 Fuck.! 
 Some people just dont know the real meaning of the word TEAM... 
 when your brother annoys the shit out of you  
 RT :  not gonna see you for two weeks   
  once again feeling let down by you! Gave me a code for a discount and it didn't work! 
 Ppl need to shut the hell up. If you dont like what I or anyone else posts on twitter its not hard to press the unfollow button! 
  Why would you have your stores stop serving blonde roast after 2pm? Its the only thing we actually liked!   
 I have deleted over 200 photos on insta and there are still too many pictures. 😒  
 every single player the  have signed this offseason you think is crap. why is that? why dont you give them a chance? 
 Wow my mom is gone and I still have to be with all these crazy ppl in my house.    
 Copped a rib injury tonight training takedowns. . This will have me out a week or two. .
 Des grenades dans la tête... :(   
 Only so much more shit i can take.Need to get away from this nightmare asap   
 Thanks mom that's exactly what I wanted to see sitting on my bed when I got home.. 
 Waiting at the pharmacy again. I can't stand when people bring their cart full of crap to ring out. Go to the front lazy ass. 
 Looking for a roommate is a difficult process 
 You really just tick me off...   
 When your friends take a joke waaaaay too far...
 nut nut nut, really dont wanna play rugby next weekend  
 RT : Really tired of people complaining and not doing anything to change to make things better... 😒 
 UGHHH, LIFE SUCKS WHEN IT DON'T GO HOW YOU WANTED IT TO!!! 
 Not in the mood to babysit. And shit you don't even pay me!    . 
 Why is it that I always get sick at the worst times? I had so many plans today &amp; it's so nice out. But no, I'm stuck on the couch. 
     Edd stop making so many sexual references  who taught you this?
 Ohh noo it's okay don't answer me. I was just texting you to text myself. No biggie. 😒 
 hate when your plans don't work out! 
 I hate when people complain about stuff loud enough for you to hear as if whatever is going on is your fault.[newLine] sorta single now:'( [newLine]        
 Bout ready to punch my sister in the fucking face.    
 My some of my tweets aren't tweeting lool 
 RT : I do so much for people and get nothing in return, when will it be the other way around for once? 
 To whoever is trying to figure out the twilight piano song not their own? Go look it up and stop playing it over and over 
 I officially have absolutely nothing to do over spring break! 
   6 open goals in the first 5 mins  
  could at least sound interested:'( 
 RT : I didn't know Carthage had so many rude people. [newLine] Don't be jealous, just because your not disciplined enough to do what I'm doing  
 This taking longer than it should 
 This 270 construction needs to be done already. 
 I wish people would stop trying so hard to get everyone to like them. It just makes everything worse.   
 Be nice if someone did something for me. Just once! 
 I'm getting sick of getting hurt. One day it's my eye the next my ankle. Want to run!!!😒 
 I feel so stupid :( 
 Was well up for some  but dyed my hair and now I've got no chance   😫
  My current state of employment combined with the number of applications/resumes I've sent out say otherwise!! Haha 
 You make fun of her when she says it. But its okay for you to say it?  
 Do you ever tell the truth ?  
 I am so glad we are leaving Peoria 
 Idk how to make you realize I'm in it for you...[newLine] As if things couldn't get worse ...     
 RT : I hate spanish its pointless 
 I wish i could just stop caring about everything..  
 Game two goes to jake  city 
  somehow the  law firm played a role in the firing of . .
 Why is it that when I text you, you can't respond but you can be on Facebook 
 Ready for this Marquette vs. Miami game . 
 3rd fucking time I go and try to get my license &amp; they say I never took drivers ed-_- 
 This niggah in this line is pissin me off!!!![newLine] RT : ": “: ": When my family talks about me and im right in the room! " ”😌"
 I swear my mom is ALWAYS on her period or something. 
 Hate fighting with my family!!  
     . Is is still a ?
 Shit i don't like at times:plans being changed &amp; meeting up. 😒  . Kay bye.
 You sit there and bad mouth my shooting but she can't even hold the gun(bebegun)right!!!!! 😡😡😡  
 I should've just stayed home today.     
 Only fun thing I have planned for break and of my course my mom says no 
 RT : i'm so cranky right now i feel like ripping on somebody 
 Like seriously it's really complete bullshit, when my mom says that she will pick me up at a time an then doesn't. 
 Don't ask my opinion if you're just going to shove "facts" in my face and tell me I'm wrong. 
 I've been home for 2 min and already and looking for a way to leave. 
 I need to write this paper before the games come on tonight 🏀 
 “: I can pimp slap a hoe right about now IM jus so ”// keep ya cool don't let get to you
 I REALLY hate when people park awfully and then I go to park and look like an idiot 
 Fuck it il just go watch Nashville on my laptop in bed... Fucking food documentry shitting on about tomatoes..  
 My brother says things just to piss me off. Like stfu you're in it too. 
 Seriously not in the mood for this right now  
 What's so exciting in other people's lives that they update their status every hour?! Like damn my life must be boring.  
 Honestly some people are so ignorant, blunt conversations are the worst    
 Being forced to go to church tomorrow 
 Do not interfere.  [newLine] why do i like you so much  
 Only wanted to go just to see my Boyfriend, but Oh don't worry I'll just stay here and do nothing like always.  
 My family only talks to me if they need something. 
 im done tweeting cant spell worth shat and its ticking me off i have to fix everything i write . 
 love when the people who are supposed to support you and be there for you, aren't ..  
 Fine fuck you lazy bitch, Cba with you anymore   
 Hate that everyone constantly bails on their plans.  
 Uggghh! People annoy me so much!    😡😠👿 
 Some peoples kids these days, haven't you heard of a spanking!? 
 Cusssssse 
 Photo:    
 Awesome shoot , Awesome Carrera GT.         … 
 Don't take your bad day out on me! I'm innocent here bud. 
 Don't ever ever ever do . They don't really work anyway, they just make you feel  and .     
 When I ask my mom a question, she always says why... Just answer my question.  
 It should not be this complicated to get  in our suite next year😒  
 how can i " chill" when your always pissing me off  
 It was 3 days left and Now bye bye shiocton &lt;/3 #sad#:(
 People of Arkadelphia, AR need to go back to driving school and learn what right of way means and what the two yellow lines mean! 
 It's impossible to have a conversation with anyone       
 So, the  tickets I wanted went on sell at 10 mom called just a few minutes after and they were sold out#upset  
 Longest day ever...   
 I need to figure out all this school shit and of course I cant access pipeline from 5-11 
 Oh my god... stood waiting at tesco phone shop for a freaking hour and a half and didn't even get served!   
 I dont understand why my baby cousin does not like me#annoyed
 if your gonna leave, just do it already, if not stop being a dick. 
 Days where absolutely nothing will go right..  
 K mom, I don't need the snarky comments as soon as I get home.  
 Oh gawd, fighting again. [newLine]        
 You should really just be quiet. 
 Might arrange a baby sitter to sit my 17 year old sister so she DOESN'T flood nothing else of mine. 
 This bitch keeps staring at me. 
 Close your door bitch I need to get out of my damn car 
 Relax , it's just a Supercars.         … 
 cheio de dor de dente.. 
 Fuck you fuck your shoutouts fuck your retweets, fuck your tweets, fuck your favourites, fuck your dms, fuck your mentions, fuck you. 
  Presbyterian. Ks is driving me fucking crazy with the talking on the phone and doing no work thing she always does. 
 So pissed 😡😠 
 Wow, nothing like my family starting stupid fights with me the night before I leave.   
 Congrats your an expert at pissing me off.  
 Sometimes I question why my parents had to have a girl..  
 Votar es tan facil como el uno dos y tres !!!  
 Can't believe you just said thatt but u knoee what, WHATEVER!!!!  
 I will never understand how people can be so selfish 
 Uuggghh  with my life
 love when people ask me when opening day is and then wanna call themselves "reds fans"  
 When you can only breathe out one nostril...first sign of a cold 😡 
  my grandparents lost their insurance they've been paying into for 50+ years due to obamacare! I feel the same effin way 
 Sometimes I kinda just want to punch my dad in the face. 
 OMG these kids are soo annoying!!!!  😑😑😒😒😠   ✋✋👊
 I love the fact that its the first day of spring break and my parents won't let me go out and do anything.. 
 What an awful day 😔 
 It'd be nice if people could act like adults for once  
 Hate when you want to watch something on the internet but there is no free links to watch it on :(  
 In bed...possibly for the night. Feel like complete shit. 
 Can't believe I've only just realised  are on tv  
 Rough day dude. The weekend could not come fast enough. 
  can't wait to get outa here but its gonna be a long summmmmeerrrr I can already tell
 This would be the best Thursday I've had in a long long time if I didn't have a skin eating disease on my face!  
 It absolutely crosses the line when people make fun of disabled children or adults. They have no control over their situation. 
 Why can't I stop thinking about this stupid thing!? 
 RT : I REALLY hate when people park awfully and then I go to park and look like an idiot 
 Honestly, I can't stand you!  
 Some people really need to stop trouble causing and trying to make things worse because in don't care 
 &amp; just when things were about to get even better, this came along. Ugh, wth?! 
               
 This industrial park in Bethel can kiss my ass!!!! What a pain in the butt and it just looks ugly!!!  
 Why doesn't San Antonio have any homes that aren't crappy for a good deal?!?! 
  what the hell was that?!!![newLine] SO FREAKING MAD RIGHTNOW  
 I hate when you take an hour and a half to text back it pisses me off 
 Need to find a job like now. 😒 
 Sooo  now !!!! No phone is like kick ya In the crotch !!
 RT : Congrats your an expert at pissing me off.  
 LEAVE ME ALONE GEEEZZZZZZ!!    
   well well well....  
 Only want to speak to mam,dad and James for FIVE minutes but no stupid FaceTime won't work  😤😔
 its amazing how a person can just throw you away like you mean shit all to them but yet when theyre lonely they "need" you  
 Will not make the mistake of putting on Facebook, any future purchases I make!!! 
 I really need a vent sesh with my best friends but they don't like to answer my texts or calls😔 
 Why arent there any studios around here?! 
 Funny how you ruin plans cuz you can't afford to go anywhere, but yet you give into them at the drop of a hat. 
 Lets grow up now. 
 I wish everyone wasn't so obsessed with taking videos of everything I do.... I know I'm funny but damn  
 In such a bad mood now. Ergh 👌  
 😭 [newLine] I hate this stupid thing 🐝 fricken 🔫die 😡     
  calm down....
 I find it sad how little consideration some people have for other people's feelings. 
 I absolutely cannot stand my bed! It's killing my back! ❌😴💤   
 people can get really annoying 
 Wow  that's how you feel about me eh  
 Nothing ever turns out as planned. 
 Who wants to make me dinner cause my family decides it's okay to just not feed me😑😠 
 I don't think anyone knows how confused I am with my life right now!  
 RT :       
 I do so much for people and get nothing in return, when will it be the other way around for once? 
    that shld B the ? Every 1 asking: why in the hell wasn't the "gun free zone" sign working? 
 don't tell me I didn't do something WHEN I KNOW I DID!   
 No time but time for everyone else.   
 Fred is on guyss.. again. .
 I dont appreciate when people dont tell me the whole truth. Like really? im gonna find out sooner or later! 
 Saw that coming. 
 1 new unfollower via checking everyday. Whatever. 
 Are you fucking joking me. How about asking before you assume something is about you. 
 You were gone for 2 hours &amp; didnt go to the store?? WE HAVE NO FOOD. Where did you go?? &amp;Starved
 RT : I wish you'd just try to see things from my point of view.   
 I'm so done with today. Things just keep pissing me off 
 ☆SOLD on !☆     !  © bluedarkat   
  might need to do the  page of 
 my sister is having a sleepover and playing music so loud😡😡😡 I have a headache can you not 
 Haven't changed one bit      
 RT : We need a jwu dunkin donuts, fahk stahbahks  
 Good Nightt 
 Wade doesn't like MVG. ?
 Hopefully I can shake this frustration soon :/  
 The human race is really beginning to annoy me. 
 People who I thought were cool .. Then I see the real them .. 
 Why are we still waiting for our Chinese after an hour😡   
 No workout until Monday as advised by my chiropractor. Stupid rib!   
 Today is not my fuckin day  
  I had to change mine three times because of air bubbles!   
 We all knew this traffic would be very heavy but jam after jam come on!! [newLine]  😑😠👎
 My mom should just give me my fucking money back i wont dye my hair if she keeps making me wait she already spent ny fucking money 
 RT :  the least they could have done was give you that teacher 😭 
 I HATE DROPPING MY  ON MY FUCKING FACE ! That shit is like s brick -.- 
 It's hard to plan your life when you don't have a major and you are done with all of your GenEds 
 Ughhhhhhh 
 When every damn radio station is on a commercial at the same time!  
 If you tweet about me one more time I'm going to unfollow you. 
    Driving home from hockey tournament...if you can't tell by no… 
 The fact that these stupid doctors won't let me leave the hospital yet, and that my phone is going to die pisses me the fuck off 
 Can anything ever go right or is the world out to get me? 
 RT : This niggah in this line is pissin me off!!!![newLine]   I have never been able to open a single link of yours.... 
 So sick of people.    
 THE ONLY SOCCER STATION IN THE ENTIRE COUNTRY IS SHUTTING DOWN!!!!!!!!!! 
 I wish you'd just try to see things from my point of view.   
 That annoying moment when you have a case of OCD when you realllllyy don't need it 
 Tired of being everyone's second choice. 
 I haven't watched  in so long. 
 Go ahead and talk shit because I have not done anything to you 
 Your a fucking retard get your shit together 
 Hey  . Brad has been banned from teaching because his facebook profile picture was the equality symbol. This is nonsense . 
 Never watching movies with Vanessa again  
 Why am I so awful at math?! I've taken it for four years now.   
 Please don't sing on the bus to prove you know the lyrics to EVERYONE  
 Why do these parents bring their children to the smoker's corner of Timmies? Like, honestly.. stay indoors.  
 I am beyond mad at  right at this moment in time!! 
 Can't hang out I understand. Not texting me back about hanging out I can't deal with. 
 Still can't figure out why nothing about today feels right [newLine] got marked down 3 points because my paper was too long... directions said ATLEAST 5 pages... 
 This house isn't big enough for all the shit you're bringing in 
 It's going to be a long night :p 
 why does  always lick my face? has he run out of windows to lick?   
 Is your ass jealous….…… it should be from all the shit that's coming out of your mouth[newLine] 😤
 Taking care of my sisters is now so hard[newLine] When my family talks about me and im right in the room! 
 some people need to sort their morals out  
 Not much to do but sit and wait for the reply...... 
 RT : I find it sad how little consideration some people have for other people's feelings. 
 Why do random out of state numbers always call me??😬😧 
 You sit there and talk about me but she can't even point the gun right!!!!!! 😡😡 
 Went to the kitchen cupboard, only to find no Curried mackerel.   
 my orthodontist is such a perfectionist 
 You are a freaking Junior!! Why are you taking up a spot with my senior friends..  
 These links be killing my vibe. . Help anyone?
 dear  I'd LOVE to know what happened to all the pics I have ever tweeted??  and  and I won't get an answer. 
 Can't just put on a happy face   
  &amp; need someone to talk to .
 If I would have known these conferences would be canceled I could have actually done something with my day. 
 what's life without bitches ey? Oh I forgot, that's impossible! 
 And that is what REALLY winds me up. [newLine] Thank you &amp; Goodnight! [newLine] If only...  
 I can't wait till Monday so I can actually listen to pandora again 
 Mh bestfriends haha. 
 I'd rather talk to my dog about college than talk to my dad 
 #sad#frustrated [newLine] Water heater breaks down and we paid $250. The part only costs $10 at Home Depot. I need to learn how to fix WH
  hey rock lost motivation to train and eat right how do you keep your mojo going#frustrated
 Not impressed that Blue are only doing half the  tour!! Why bother at all!   
 Fed up 
 RT : So i clean and babysit and i still didnt do enough? I seear nobodys thankful for anothing nowadays. 
 RT : Always go for the pricks and end up getting hurt.    
 Nothing pisses me off more than that! 
 So on fire right now 
 When she borrows your notebook that you need and then doesn't come to school.   
 Uh I hate this school. I hate the people in it.  I hate still being here. I hate havin detention. 
 So this manager needs to be decked 
 Esto me esta molestando demasiado!!! 
 Claims what lesbians are perceived as in porno is not real ?! I feel so 
 In a serious mood to vent. 
 RT : You can't even be home for 5 minutes w/out bickering ab something.  
 My bad luck started 2 years ago and it's not even getting better for me [newLine] RT :  Mike trying to get buck with everyone 
     alright can you guys like call eachother .. 😂 
 Quisiera poder tomar un nap en mi propio apt...    
 Way to ruin the whole day in .2 seconds  
 “: How can some people still lack common decency and basic manners? ” I don't understand it either dear.
 Times like this I just want to not care and give up     
 Okay it was funny at first but now you can stop. 
 Everyone needs to shut up about his singing voice! We know all it is amazing!  
 WTF are we listening to. ....
 I'm done. You just really get under my skin  
  Possibly! 
 Just joined   Can't get the hang of it? 
 Moms been on the computer all day trying to fix it#annoyed
               … 
 Beyond tired of all the disappointments in everything  
 Alone bull , Skill .          … 
 I swear, if it wasn't for music, there would be a lot of unexplained murders. 
  can you send me some lives please on candy crush? I need to pass 35 tonight!!   
 Seriously though..... Some gia need to not be so desperate and needy...     👏💁😌✌💪🙌
 Word problems can go straight to hell. 
  Why are some books that were in the best sellers list this morning now saying unavailable when you go to buy them. 
 Just really need a hug 
 if i have to spend another minute in a doctors office or hospital i might lose my mind  
 Don't fucking ask me where it's from. 
 If your kids can't behave why take them to the clinic with you? Seriously annoyed right now. 
 Hate when theres things you want to be done but nothing you can do about it  
 I would have the perfect Easter dress if I was a foot shorter....or better yet if they just made dresses in a decent length! 
 Really don't feel like going to work now  but can't call off extra 8hrs of pay and it's payday  
 Meu pen drive muuuuuito lindooo  Birds '-' 
 i wish i was nelly, and this was only just a dream       
 I cannot stand self hate posts!!!! Like I understand you're not happy with yourself but do you really need to tell the world? 
 RT : Need to find a job like now. 😒 
 When Cobain attacks!     
 The thing that sucks is that you don't even realize how hurt I am 
 Nothing is ever enough for her, it gets real old 
 Seriously another one 
 how come you can't decided   
 “: ": When my family talks about me and im right in the room! " ”😌
 Traffic round 2 👊[newLine] To be honest, I'm a sore loser. 😔 
 I'm outraged at the change in tv schedule on TV3 tonight I want my double Law &amp; Order SVU instead they are showing a movie 
 When guys call u late cause there drunk sorry sweety I have a man no need for u to call 
 Having class from 7:25-10:05 tonight really makes me wanna cry    
  because I dared to trust a male with a pulse. 
 Wiped my phone 😭😔 
 Try Using Common Sense.  😑
 That moment when you just need moreee......... 
 I shouldn't even be surprised. 
 i knew id have to eal with it but i just didnt kno when   
 I don't see the point of 'holidays' if their gonna stuff us with soo much homework and revision!  o_O
 Look at us. Look at why we've become. 
 -Guess We Not Talking Today Either What Ever Man Finna Take A Shower Then Go To Bed!!!!!!!!!!!!   
 RT : Just Because One Guys A Bitch Doesnt mean All if them Are Look.[newLine]  Af!
 These doctors r so dumb  
 I always hope that today will be the day, but then it's not 
 RT : People are pissing me off for somereason  today 
 Could literally kill some people in the most painful way possible 
 Omg shut up and fuck off! 
 I don't want to leave....:c Oh well.        
 So sick of my moms attitude... .
 Sometimes I jus wanna kick protools in the mouth! 
  😠😠😠😠
 My driving instructor is such a perv..  
 Wow#annoyed
 Why aren't we getting along! 😥👎 
 Some girls are so stupid. 
 Bout to punch these lil kids in the fucking throat 
 RT : Ready To Blow Shit Tf Up !  😣💣💣💣💣💢💢💢💢
 Seriously though... Some girls need to not be so desperate and needy...    💁😌👏🙌💪✌
 All I get is shit from everyone and I'm so fucking sick of it 
 It's mad how one phone call can change your hole mood  
 Seriously screw this injury thing! 
 Their are some seriously disrespectful people in my neighborhood   😒
 You would think I was on Washburn's campus with the way my internet is working right now...
  ... I'm ready to GO!!!!!!! 😩😩     
 Hospital waits suck 
 No one cares you useless shit 
 How about you realize I'm not like her. K thanks 
 When special things I do are taken for granted  😡
 Really? 😑 
 RT : Seriously... Who would make a fake twitter with you as their profile picture@thatsquirrel69 #irritated#annoying#mean
 it's okay , I'm used to you getting whatever you want. 
 You got something to say? Then say it to my face, that way i can kick your ass!!   
 Someone come watch movies with me.   
 Why wouldn't I just came down that weekend ? Instead of now .,,  
 Argh guess who just got home drunk.. 
 Looking back and realizing everything I've let you put me through.. 
 Lord give me the strength not to punch this guy in the head for listening to timberlake to loud while i study  
 Not knowing what to do after school 
 What is this[newLine] Sometimes I wished money did grow on trees      
 I thought you were mine .. Until someone prettier came along and caught your attention... 😔 
 I'm hulkin' it up today  
 Pissed offf  
 Ugh why are boys so clueless and say the completely wrong things... 
 people can stuff their stupid spam job things 
 My parents think my foot is broken[newLine] Going to a&amp;e tomorrow [newLine] So annoying [newLine] It is gonna ruin my chances at the audition. 
 You make everyone mad. It's always your way or you get pissed 
  but I'm off on Tuesday :( 
 ugh i hate that nothing ships here. 
 If only you knew what people said about us.     
 Vehicles were equipped with turn signals for a reason.  
  you're not coming to the lock in. 
 Some people's kids. 
 'The Harry Potter films would've been so much better if voldemort won in the end' ......just about to drop my brother 
 I don't think I've ever said how much I highly despise when people open my snaps. 
 Somehow I'm always to blame.[newLine] Sister does something they blame me.[newLine] Cousins do something I get blamed[newLine] Rite -im sick of this shit now-my tv is broke and I'm MaD#annoyed!fixit dammit
 Wow.. 
 I know it's the end of the week tomorrow. But I wish it was the end of the week next week   
 Feeling like someone doesn't care&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Going the gym.   
 I need the new dead island![newLine] I don't remember ISU doing black graduations when I graduated!   
 RT : Not in the mood to talk to anyone. 
 RT : Tom, how many times can you let Jerry get away! 
 “: Beyond tired of all the disappointments in everything  ”
 Weak minded individuals .[newLine] You're literally so dumb and conceded I can barely snapchat you anymore. 
 pfff --' 
 I just wanna listen to this one song and iTunes won't load on my phone  😩
 most frustrating thing in the world...   is your mother    
 When I say I don't wanna talk about it, stop talking about it. 
    that geeky chick is pissing me off.. She's too picky ! That's why she still has her plates ! 
 Feeling like you can't do anything right is top three worst feelings ever. 
 I'm kinda getting upset because I don't put those tweets about losing weight. I don't know how to make them stop! 
 About to do these natsy ass disgusting dishes &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; .
 Get your shit together. Getting old real quick 
 If this bird doesn't shut up in 2.5 seconds it's going to get it 👊 
 Hate it when people use your own things and just download random apps which don't mean anything to you!   
 I love my family but do I need to hang out with them like friends? Surely there is a line#annoyed
 might as well go take a nap, not like I'm going anywhere anyways 
 If having a dog is a step below having a kid I'm not having kids    
 I mean, the flight would have been grand if they weren't so idiotic and so many lives would have been saved. 
 When your pissed you have to go into work and everybody is excited to see you there 😒 fml  ha
 I am so sick of certain people in my life. They should all congregate somewhere and leave me alone.  
 Is the cooking channel seriously not working right now :|  
 the wifi on my phone just disconnects by itself whenever it wants 
 Good thing half of the personal finance review isn't in any of the packets. Good one Ms. K. 
 What is up with this traffic in Kearney 
 One of my favorite uncle's!    , it's like I know you're in a better place… 
 I'm tired of his mom making stupid excuses as to why him and I can't hang out... Every fucking time... 
 LOL omg my besties were so right about this bitch 
  ... went to direct messages, see the messages, click on them, then they disappear!?
 RT : If you want me in your life, put me there. I shouldn't have to fight for a spot...😒 
 Last thing I want to do is walk into town but my hunger is currently outweighing my stubbornness so it has to be done.  😡😡
 What's up with all these asshole drivers?   
 Ready To Blow Shit Tf Up !  😣💣💣💣💣💢💢💢💢
 I just wanna move out!   
 One thing I don't miss about the city is the traffic  
 See how this one is laughing as if someone is touching her ...mschewww  and frustrated traveller
 So i clean and babysit and i still didnt do enough? I seear nobodys thankful for anothing nowadays. 
 I honestly hate everyone today 
 It ain't the same anymore 😕  
 I love being so broke I don't know how I'm going to make it till may.......ya not!   
 RT : I get over half way done with my new background then it forced closed! It was badass! 
 opération j'efface tous mes sms pour ne pas que ma mère les voient si elle me prive de téléphone.. deuxième fois quand même.. 
 One of the most important weekends of my life and he can't be here to support me   
 You can't even be home for 5 minutes w/out bickering ab something.  
 Facebook has gone crazy with spam.  
 Smh I guess hes not cumin to get me now !77
 so shit seeing someone go through something and not being able to do a fucking thing 
 I think i need a break from everyone...    
 Worst thing ever: going to buy a nice ass Lexus car but then someone buys it before you at the last second 
 I just wish my internet would stop cutting in and out! I'm trying to watch The Walking Dead!! 
  a £10 increase a month on my membership, this is why I wish there were more small gyms about  
 About to go down south Philly to see my mom this boy getting into everything!  !
 Why do I even try anymore? everything I say to you just goes through one ear and comes out the other..  
 Can these people at work shut the hell up or do they plan on talking all night 
 I don't want your man, there is a thing called friends 😑 
   these "schools" are nothing more than brainwashing cult nurseries and should all be closed immediately. 
 Missing him :( 
 Why the fuck are you banging on a tree with a hammer 
 I have so many things to say, but I don't know how to say it. 
 Way to take me into account, guys. I really appreciate it. 
 why can i not be 18 yet...  
 I love when people just completely ignore everything I say 
 Sometimes I wanna slap customers, like seriously, how can one individual be so dumb? 
 RT : I'm trying to replace you. Doesn't work like that though 
 Wal mart needs to learn how to take care of their fish !!!!!! 
 Maybe the girl you were all over that night will want to be your gf   
 For real, quit it. 
 RT :  Haha I swear I look older at 18!         ...
 I need to calm down before I smack her..  
 RT : So upset! 
 Back off dude I am not in the mood for you! 
 “:  calm down....”[newLine] Shalapp loser face✋😒
 i'm so cranky right now i feel like ripping on somebody 
  OMG WHAT IZ LYF?!     
 The stupidest things always cause the biggest fights!   
 When people think there always right! 
 Eating a take away and I am just making a mess everywhere 
              bout    
 RT : Sometime i love you but sometimes you just don't know when to stop and your annoying  
 If only they had $0.60 raw oysters and $1 yuengling draft around here!  
 Not getting off until 11&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; uuugggh  😾😾😾😾😤
 Seriously..[newLine] Minha coleçao...  birds 
 Kinda uneasy about the one class I need to have a 77 in to pass this year, I have a 73.  
 .02 seconds from smashing my head off the wall  
 Stop putting stuff on Facebook about how sad you are and how you hate you're life! Go get help from someone professional! Geeze 
 If we do not make eye contact DO NOT get mad at me for not seeing you!! 
 Why are customers so rude today.. If I ask you how you are, please respond instead of looking at me like I have 5 heads 😒 
 Probably won't be able to take my permit test because my sister who neds to take it lost her social security card -_- 
 I'm saying  by 5 and  pulls off an  over  tonight 
 Something to be said about a meal where the only decent tasting thing is the broccoli. 
 just not my day   
  why did you crop out tony and Sharon? 
 so annoyed how i gota work 8-6 by my self tomos and everyone else gets the day off!!! take the piss right out of me! 
 Lonely night, bleeh 
    
 I swear my mother contradicts everything I say if I said the sky was blue she would say no it's not  😒😒😒
 Irritated[newLine] ; !!
 RT : Someone tell JP i said. "No excusesssss!" 
 RT : People just call me for rides .... I'm never gonna answer the phone again! If you want Somethjng text me ... Never aga ...
 Never thought a sock bun was so hard to do 
 I. Can. Not. Stand. Chapped. Lips... 
 Why do you even bother making plans with me if you're just gonna blow me off when it's time to go? 
 So over it all.   
 I wish I could trade my dad 
 Like how I asked you if you had something to say and you said no but it's all on here now. Ha. 
 Tf u gotta attitude for u tripping for no reason at all but fuck it u dnt care so why should I  AF
 Lets go golden eagles!  
       @ en mi casa 
 shit mood   🔫
 WARNING: I WILL BLOCK ANY ASS HOLE WHO TRIES TO PISS ME OFF, I ALREADY BLOCKED 2 DIPSHITS    
 Can't wait till I get home to clear the air ! [newLine] Do people NOT know how to pick up their damn feet around here?  
 Jgh    and  cause I didn't meet my goal. :c
 So annoyed 
  I thought we were friends. 
 Just got back and I now have to catch another flight 
  Mike trying to get buck with everyone 
 RT : it's okay , I'm used to you getting whatever you want. 
 Some people just dont understand. 
  want to be at  for drinks and dinner and THE GAME. but instead i'm at PT. 
 You should like a cow when you eat .[newLine] 😐
 Wait. So why do bad things happen to good people?? 
  But I'm currently perfecting my techniques so I can graduate from the  trolling school of excellence! 
 Wow.. The nerve of some people. 
   I know! it came to Sheffield as well! 
 Please stop trying to talk to me   !!!!
 So over this 
 Weeeelllp no nap at all! 
 This sucks! 
 Getting braces 😷👎
 RT : why can i not be 18 yet...  
 If your going to be a drug dealer atleast be a good one  
 ARE THERE ANY DRESS STORES THAT HAVE ATTRACTIVE PROM DRESSES!?!????!???     
 I am seriously in the worst mood ever.   
 fully describes me this evening    
 I thought I have seen it all but KNEE WRAPS for 185 wow I retire never going  the rec again....   
 Weird hoe things change. Glad you were there for a short time, now, get lost. 
 Sometimes i just sit and wonder.....WHY PEOPLE DO THE THINGS THEY DO AND SAY THE THINGS THE SAY  
 -__________________- 
 Soo apparently i am special and i dont get my ACT score today #angry
 i can't handle my mom anymore 
 Just thinking about that makes me sick to my stomach. 
 This programme should be fucking illegal and that woman needs to realise how old she is and put the saggy tits away!!  
 Ugh..this is killing me. I'm tired of it.   
 This Internet is slowwww -___- 
   DFW cant make a kids catfish instead of a kids tilapia?  
 My little sister is being a bitch, anyone wanna adopt me for the night? 
 Dry up heiffer 
 RT : You're such a bitch lol  👊👊
 What a waste of time. 
 Gutted I seem to be the only nob head in manc not going to  for  :-(   
 RT : I just need to go back to bed 
  not gonna see you for two weeks   
 and this is why no one spends time with you when you actually visit 
 does anyone know someone who can fix my fridge cable , its causing the plug switch to trip 
  &amp; 
 Just really need to vent. 
 Sometimes i just sit and wonder....WHY PEOPLE DO THE THINGS THEY DO AND SAY THE THINGS THEY SAY 
 Can you not flirt with all my friends? 
 My mom doesn't understand the concept that I don't like going to early mass. I'd actually like to be awake so I can pay attention 
 ... but Police ... we have alots. Make sure you don't drive, they will control you three times a day... because they are  and 
 Why is the SAT needed I did horribly  
 Grrrr 
 I can't help but tear up whenever I hear a baby cry. 
  put that in your pipe and smoke it you ginger twat hahahahaha BRADFORD BULLS! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 RT : Don't come into my life if you have no intention of staying. 
 so wanna rip somtin tuh shreads!!!!!!
 I don't like other girls. OMG I hate jealousy it makes me hate everyone! 😒 
 Why can't Somalis ever do something on time? As planned?   
 why the fudge are my jeans so long? like did I shrink 3 inches?  and 
 Y listen to me. Not like its my job or anything.   
 Can't believe what I just watched...  
 accidently turned on to 40 year old virigns to see old people sex and all my mom can say is 'how low are her tits?' i will vom 
  😑
 RT : This taking longer than it should 
 I guess that's alright     
 I think I want to get my foot tat covered....its too popular now.  
 People these days, I swear..  
 On road , chill view ..           … 
 When your half asleep and half to get up. 
  when my girlfriend tweets her problems rather than settling them with me
   You always twist things! 
 It really is just one of those days  
 WHEN WILL MY MOUTH GET UNNUMB 
 Wtf netflix get your shit together all the episodes to viva la bam are out of order 
 This class is a complete waste of my time. Yet again.  
 I can't stand it when people can't keep a constant speed.  🚗
 There better be lots of free wine at this reception.   
 RT : Hiding in my room until I absolutely have to leave      ...
 Can my grandma go home now?  
 ugh. 
 Nothing I hate more then playing phone tag!!  
 He ALWAYS Trynna Be In ONE Fuckinn Place , Like Maan !  .
 When someone asks me a million questions.....   
 sometimes I just want my mom! my real mom...and I'm angry because she isn't here to hold me...
 Hate when people don't know what a cruise is 
 Of course my best friends are already gone and all I want to do is watch sappy love movies with them right now 
 This is not ok.  
 Good mood turned bad. Lol thanks.   😒
 The fact that I can't reorganize my room until I get this extra bed out of here &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 ": When a girl only gets the guy because they put out. Have respect for yourself. " amen
 When you cant fix the things that are broken.. 
 No one cares! !!! Seriously get over yourself 
 I hate preclosing at work and I have to do it three days in a row next week. Smh :/   
 Hum wait what? Thanks for consulting us Brian... 
 Its hair, whatevs but i cant even say i want something without her wanting to get it first or right after 
 How is my phone already about to die?! It's only four 
 I shouldn't have to keep filling out applications😒  
 If it's not one thing, it's another. 
 The bald headed twat may aswell have a Bradford shirt on! 
 Some people just think they know everything and have never even experienced what your talking about, smh! 
 Literally been everywhere looking for my music folder tonight and still haven't found it  
 ": “: ": When my family talks about me and im right in the room! " ”😌"
 Really?! No!! Aaahhhhhh!!! 
 I thought we had this straightened out..  
 My mom + my grandma are the two dumbest fuckers alive  
 RT : Does it kill people to actually drive the speed limit?? 
 Extremely rude bus driver. She's already late and she still has the nerve to back sass. 
 What a long frustrating day! Hopefully everything works out and I can be left with a piece of mind.   
 I mess my nails up every time I get them done😔 
 Jackie is the hardest person to peer pressure into doing something 😡😠
 Oh really? Figures as much. 
 Nuketown 2025 for free? When you put something in a newly released game as a download, making it required later is just... Wrong. 
 Don't like how fat I've got :(   
 WATTPAD DELETED EVERY SINGLE SORRY I WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF READING!!! IM SO PISSED!!!!!!! 
 I'm being so patient but I'm so sick of this confusion shit. 
 Why do I even try to make plans with you when it never works out... 
 Someone Cheer Me Up? 
 I'm in like a really bad mood.  
  so proud of my country right now 
  well u wouldn't tell a fat person they gained weight so people shouldn't tell a skinny person they lost it haha 
 I juuust want to go shopping but I'm soo broke that I caantt ..    .
 Fuck I want to drink...just get Fucking wasted  
 So fucked off I'm gunner stand on my own fucking face.  
 I'm obviously not good enough, thanks for telling me 
 I hate knowing that not even hope will help me. 
 😾 
 I H A T E the fact that my mom is so indecisive D:&lt;  
   ooo 
 Not my fault you are a bitch   I didn't do anything wrong
 RT : People who I thought were cool .. Then I see the real them .. 
 People need to mind their own business. You left for a reason, now stay out.
 Writing a new song         #:( 
 ": When my family talks about me and im right in the room! " 
 Why is there SO much traffic EVERYWHERE today?!  
 ☆SOLD on !☆     !  © bluedarkat  
 Now that I've spend half an hour cleaning up EVERYONE ELSE'S mess, I think ill start my homework. .
  a ridiculously optimistic citeh 1-2 nufc 
 I. Hate. Poetry. 
 Not knowing how to help 
 You're about on my last nerve today 
  satan. My iTunes account is giving me shit. Every time I go to update it says I need to update my payment info. 
 &amp; just when all the fun was about to arrive and happen, this came along. Ugh, why?! 
 Thats such bullshit! 
  you must see all the hate tweets your customers post. No one is happy. Why don't you DO SOMETHING about it? 
  Haha I swear I look older at 18!        
 Why does everyone get to move, except me?  
 RT : Love coming home to cat sick on my trainers   
  who is this guy!? Didnt even tag the fucker in it! And he says something like that  
 The speed limit is 40 not 25! 
 moat frustrating thing in the world. .. has to be your mother !    
 I swear to George technology is slowly killing me 
 RT : Wow  that's how you feel about me eh  
 Seriously sounds so gross I could puke 
 I'm really getting tired of it not being summer 
 ": I just wanna go home already 😩😑  "
 Need to work abroad!! Fuck this place  
 in the middle of taking a test online for school, my computer decides to shut off. 
 wow...smh   
 Um what the hell??? 
 Sometimes I really hate technology. 
 "bess'be glad I found Jesus!" 
 This is all a disater. Im just sorry ive seemed to ruin ur life... #&lt;/3 #:(   #:(((
 Can't wait to go to dads!  
 your a let down 
 I swear if it weren't for me my room would be filthy. And for those of you who know me that's pretty serious. 
 Today is just not my dayy 
 PLEASE! Someone shoot me in the face 
 Can my power please just come back on 
 RT : might as well go take a nap, not like I'm going anywhere anyways 
 if any one comes in thru that door to byg me!  this is ur answer. ! ! 
 I really wish things would stop spilling in my fridge.... 
 Seriously stop hating on everything I like! 
 Ill probably end up sticking someone tonight if they annoy me  
 I hate when parents make you go places when you don't wanna go😒  
 Wanted to go bowling with my friends but  had the alley closed ALL week  
 wtf is "other" on an iphone? cant update my phone cuz i have 3GB of it 
 he puts someone into catch whose been injured all fall, she doesnt earn shit    
 Dear  : please put my tax dollars back into UN action against drought and out of costly ads for your economic plan. 
 Legit sitting in this parking lot with my head on the steering wheel
 I'm pretty sure my GPS likes to play this game of "Let's Not Take Her Anywhere the Same Way Twice"😡  
 .....kmt
  like a muthhaa fuckkaa!
 This feeling &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; [newLine] 😔😥😒😣😞[newLine] People have phones for a reason, answer it 
 Probably the only person within 5 miles my age who's not out tonight    
  we did a steady flat 75 miler but I can't do anything intense at the moment to be safe.  . Glad your enjoying it !!!
 RT : For all the douche bags just looking to get some, please look somewhere else.. I am not interested 
 if saga is going to serve shit food the week before spring break, they might as well close.  
 A few days old but  for me          I hope… 
  haw ngaphinde ungbize ngaleyoto cc #
 Not in the mood to talk to anyone. 
 How is it possible for me to lose everything espesh when I just used it.... 
 I hate when people don't listen to advice and do stupid things...  
 I could care less if you want to close at 4:45. Just advertise that that's when you're closing, and NOT at 5. 
 Another one    
 Still waiting for the designer to finish coding the website layouts  :/
 Damn long ass day.. Banging ass headache.. Shit just gets real quick af by the minute.. -.- 
 Somebody make me better please please 🙏🙏!!   
  no more hockey /networking /dolphin til September.  had pint with Lockwood where were u sander won everything
 I really don't get how you gave me an 85 for participation grade if we don't even do anything in class 
 How the hell do the weeks fly so quickly?  will have come back from OZ again before I get to see him!  xxxx
 It has literally taken the grill 30 minutes to make my food  
 Have Mercy If My Neighbor Hits The Floor One More Time With That Bat Im Gonna Need My Own Defense Team. 
 I have given up so much for you! 
 In a "fuck the world" kind of mood. Absolutely NOTHING has went right today.  
 Holy fuck class is over and people keep asking questions. Like stfu 
 RT : I love when people just completely ignore everything I say 
 How can shit get any worse?   
 La Salle over Wichita st. 
 I'm about to just go to bed until I go back to work Monday  
  I Know Right!!! 
 nunca vi um cachorro tão chantagista olha a cara do figura depois da bronca    
 You dot know what you are talking about, so please stop talking.  
 I am so fucking pisses off right now, 
 This that ish I don't like!!! Stuck in traffic for like 30 min#traffic   #55… 
 Aubin and Wills has closed down!!!  
 I still don't understand how the 15th seed FGCU is in the sweet 16  
 You're cool . 😒 
 Shes an ugly skank and i hope bad things of that....  
 I just dont understand what Im doinn wrong.. . .
 ": These doctors r so dumb  " they are some dumb mother fuckers
 Well isn't that just peachy... NOT-_-[newLine]  #notfun#annoyed
 That moment when you feel like you have done everything wrong.. 
 RT : Why do I even try to make plans with you when it never works out... 
 noisy peps makes my head hurts :([newLine] Stop slamming the door into my wall!   
 Anybody want a 15 year old brother? I'm giving mine away for free. 
 : &amp; just when all the fun was about to arrive and happen, this came along. Ugh, why?! 
 #For#Angry#Birds 
 RT : Facebook has gone crazy with spam.  
 Took ages doing that and the bloody website messes up and loses it  
 Really about to flip the fuck out.. 
 I don't know why girls hide stuff from their bf's but we gotta trust each other 
 RT : -__________________- 
 Thank you Webb city for making us go to school tomorrow when other schools don't have to. Makes perfect sense. [newLine] Gotdangit, really? Ugh... ": Taylor Swift to guest star on Fox's "New Girl"  -CC" 
 I definitely should be out :-( 
 You.. Uhm. Bother me...  
 Wishing that  would text me back and tell me what's wrong 
              ... © 2013 
 I hate school and all my classes...not to mention the people in them 
 My mood right now.. Up then down SMH frustration!  
 RT : I honestly think my parents spin a wheel, titled "what are we gonna bitch about today".  😑
 And on time that is mine, there will be wine !!!   
 Been in North East for 30 minutes, already fucking wanna leave 
 I need to hurry and get on my shxt frfr , hate moving on mfs time . 
 ": Why do I even try to make plans with you when it never works out... "
 This lady didn't know how to turn on a computer 
 Im so sick of people with this "holier than thou" attitude.... please shut up!!! 
 When you text people and they don't text you back... I'd rather you just tell me you don't want to talk to me. 
 How can some people still lack common decency and basic manners? 
 RT : Taking off your wedding ring every time you go to a bar doesn't make you any less married!!!!  
 The fudge, Twitter?! I'm missing about half of the stuff that these people post! 
 I'm ALWAYS the one who has to make the effort with EVERYONE    a wall  wait till Monday
 RT : What the hell is with teachers in the school. 
 Why are people being soo stupid today? [newLine] I hate wen u tell someone something and there an asshole to you. Like chill the fuck out 
 RT : Maybe the girl you were all over that night will want to be your gf   
 Just spent the past hour listening to kids scream and cry...
 Soccer practice. ⚽🏃 
 RT : Not much to do but sit and wait for the reply...... 
 I need a nap.  
 If you think it's ok to pee in a public parking lot there is something seriously wrong with you  
 Can you just realize that I want to be with you already?!    
 You made this shoot ?           … 
  you are self centered, I can't stand people that think the world revolves around them.   
 Hate controlling guys    
 As soon as I leave school, two of my packages get there, really ?! 
 Bring on another long nightt.   
 Why are commercials so much louder than actual shows? 
 It's just the best feeling when a bird poops on me... 😡💩🐦 
 If you're in heels and in the library.. I judge you  
 Le f*ckadoodle la!   
 If you want me in your life, put me there. I shouldn't have to fight for a spot...😒 
 Had to give up on  too sick feeling bad! 
 I hate the way my words sound when I pronounce them while singing.. -_- 
 We were suppose to leave an hour ago 😒 
 I would do unspeakable things for Moes and some dark chocolate sponge candy right now 
 I really wish you had a damn phone right now. 
 thanks for forgetting to pick me up mom 
 Anyone know the best way to get back at someone who intentionally got ketchup ALL OVER YOUR FACE!?!?!?    
 Not many people can get me angry like my mother.  ??..  .
 It's always weird when you thought you were good friends with someone but they don't  reciprocate the friendship anymore 
 actually i have way too much of a headache to do anything near productive -_- 
 My parents never stay out of my business! Like for real back the fuck off! Im old enough to make my own decissions  
 I don't need no mixer    
 If I went back 2 years ago, I'm not sure I would make the same choice... 
 Had SUCH a day with people over the phone &amp; I'm convinced everyone has a stick up their ass.   
 What's with all the fucking traffic 
 Oh My God! Turns Out I Do Have Today.[newLine] Should I even change the color UGHHH 
 My Hair Barely Grew Two Inches Since I Cut It.
 Love coming home to cat sick on my trainers   
    cc   
 I actually really feel like crap now.   
 Does it kill people to actually drive the speed limit?? 
 If you want to talk more, maybe you should text me back 
 The fact that thesse stupid doctors won't let me leave the hospital yet, and that my phone is going to die pisses me the fuck off 
 If only I was better at accepting things I cannot change....
 Biggest pet peeve? People who snap and chew their gum like cows.  
 Really 2 freaking hours just to login ugh.    
 Someone needs to come fix my bed... Idk whats wrong with it but its makin me mad... 
 Freezing now, lying on the floor...stupid phone charger doesn't reach my bed  
 Having To babysit 3 days in a row for 5 hours makes me never want to have children.  
 so fucking bored! 
 Sometimes I wonder what would happen if I told them how they make me feel at times.  
 For as "smart" as I am.. I sure make some DUMB decisions sometimes. Smh  
 RT : he puts someone into catch whose been injured all fall, she doesnt earn shit    ...
 Now I won't be able to see my sister throw until her last meet. 
 Wasted my whole day for nothing. I should have just went to work. 
 Today has been some shit !!! [newLine] My day just continues to spiral down the toilet. If anyone has any bad news, just break it to me now.  
 If your name isn't loaf &gt; don't talk to me, smt 
 Kiss my arse you fucking bitch 
 Ffs the weather ruins everything  
 Can't wait til i can drive myself places..😒 
 fuck candy crush. 
 Need something to get outta this slump! Any ideas?    &gt;.&lt;
 I would spill that all over me.  
 I'm feelin a little bipolar today       all in a mere 2 minutes.
 RT : ": Why do I even try to make plans with you when it never works out... "
 You do not wear trainers with skinnies unless you planning on going to the gym or for a run#disgusted
 People who work at the DMV are the most incompetent people in the entire world. 2.5 hours in line    😡
 Urrghh please no innuendos at the dinner table!! !
 Not even joking, Freddie just farted in his hand and then wafted it in front of my face   
 *Insert rant tweet here*  
 "Things I would rather do than explain the computer to my Pop-Pop: A Novel" by Stephen Brown -___- 😒 
 People need to learn how to get a fucking life and stay out of mine! 
       
  the least they could have done was give you that teacher 😭 
 My snapchats won't load! 😡 
 I hate my upstairs neighbors! Have some damn courtesy and quit stomping!  
 I need to keep my mouth shut. 😒 
 Denton traffic can kiss my ass!!! 
 Dude! If you constantly message me, and I don't respond.. Then I onviously don't want to talk to you!    
 If you post your life on the Internet then you lose all rights to complain about how people don't mind their own business 
 Waiting for a group member to get his shit together!  
 RT :  who is this guy!? Didnt even tag the fucker in it! And he says something like that   ...
 RT : I love being so broke I don't know how I'm going to make it till may.......ya not!   
 RT : Good mood turned bad. Lol thanks.   😒
 debenhams is so shitty and unreliable. remind me to never shop there again  
 RT : People have phones for a reason, answer it 
 Grrrr....some people just boil my blood  
 RT : Fuck I want to drink...just get Fucking wasted  
 When my mom and sister put me off schedule &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; ughh 😠 
  
 your father just had major open heart surgery and you can't even take off "work" to go and see him? 
 My dad..   
 I'm , , , , disappointed. But you know what? I'll put on a  and move on. It will hurt but i will survive.❤
 I need a spa day, no i need a spa week. [newLine] then you go and do the one thing I was trying to avoid 
 Very sad to be missing the  concert in , just because tickets are SOLD OUT. 
 Can't wait to move out and not have to rely on others.  😡😭😡
 What part of I don't know how to drive a stick shift do you people not understand?! 
 RT : Why am I always put out to be the bad guy... its always my fault...   
 Let one more lady ask if my sister is my daughter -.- 
 oh my god my grandmother is way too enthusiastic about everything 
 So is this class just going to be about these "smart" asses contradicting the instructor?  
 RT : ☆SOLD on !☆     !  © bluedarkat   
 Honestly people...be your own person. The world can only handle one of me, so find someone else to copy. 
 What to do!! What to wear... 
 Am hulking at my laptop as it refuses to do anything   
 Thx For your Effort To make me  The Whole Time..!! im Totally Thankful !
 Virgin media truly are the worst internet providers ever. Cuts off every five minutes 
  haha sound it! 
 Could go for that joint right abouttttttt now ._. 
 Shes called me a sloth since 7th grade and yet i dont even get the best friend label 
 not surprised. .
 Got a kiss on the hand from a drunk man !  .
 I really hate it when your so called "best friend" ditches you for her boyfriend. Yes this is a subtweet. You know who you are. 
 Same shit different day. 
 my  loads so slow right now. both on phone, web and statigram! 
 RT : I sware beau never leaves me alone 
 UGHHHHHH 
 you keep calling me knwing that i am hearing u and i choose not to answer..urgghh 
 RT : once again ...  lmaao it's like a daily routine with me
  I can't people just infuriate me with the they do!             
 Look me in my face, cuz I ain't got no worries.  
 The little things you do can hurt and affect a person so much.   
 RT : Wtf every time I'm falling asleep everyone texts me&lt;&lt;&lt; 
  and not trying to hide it    
 why the fuck do I have to hand over another $200 just in order to choose a room next year? Just put it on the fucking bill 
 You either enjoy pissing me off or know exactly how to do it 
 “: Hate being lead on... ” same bud
 I don't care about the booster club I want dinner 
 i hate when trains are late sooooooo much  
 I don't know what to doooooo :( 
 how could you stoop so low? you're such a pathetic person. 
 I love how the people that are lazy get away with everything but I bust my ass to get stuff done everyday but things are my fault 
 So frigan fed up w this pain in my mouth from my wisdom teeth surgery that happened almost two weeks ago!!!   
  and why did you make out with Mac Miller in that video of yours?... 
 Exact reason I go to martins instead of food lion usually...no one even offered to help me take my groceries to the car. 
  and  time to listen to some D Prizzy
 It'd be nice if Both my parents could be supportive of something I'm doing, at the Same Time. 
 “: ? ? Research suggests spending a few mins playing w/  will decrease  levels" yay puppies!
  dad has downloaded ALL of Beethoven's symphony's on his iPhone and is playing them to me whilst I am watching Beyonce! 
 Seriously, pandora just needs to add more skips, less ads and add a replay button#annoyed
 Is it really that much to ask for some time alone? 
 Pessimistic people, just stop talking. 
 This Freaking Sucks![newLine] These past two days have been horrible. Tempted to turn off my phone until Sunday.   
 Seriously my mom has been driving me crazy these last couple of months..  
 Man, I am really sick of the way  plays the w/ the ppl and the country as a political pawn for his political gain! 
 Grumpy cat!           
 Like if I'm tired &amp; you wake me up and are all excited about life and are loud .. Like no stop. Sit down &amp; shut up. 
 This doctor need to bring his ass....  
 I'm sorry but that is just wrong...  
 Of course there would be a tractor trailer wreck on I-79 same day as a 5K run in fairmont making it impossible to take back roads 
 Can I just hibernate for the weekend?   
 Friendships go both ways and can't be based off lies, I'm not putting forth effort if you aren't. 
 RT : SO EFFIN IRRITATED AND I GOT A BAD HEAD ACHE..OH WOW PLUS MY SHAY NOT HERE#UPSET
 Pissed offffff!    
 I've had hiccups literally all day... 
 Having a meltdown xO Wish i knew what I wanted...[newLine] Of coarse only my family could ruin my good mood[newLine] .  
 I actually hate it when you really want something and then a person just goes and gets it 
 Dá muita R-A-I-V-A quando vc desenvolve lindamente um exercício e a resposta não condiz com o gabarito 
 Got no friends to go out    😭😭😤😤😤
 Someone give me $20 so I can goto the movies.    
 Only 2 at bats a walk and a ground out to short😤 
 Hate making decisions  
  Chipmunk - News - Bubblews  
    
 I'm not a chauffeur service so maybe you should stop 
 Going home and working out for like 2 hours... I feel like I've been to lazy today... 
 All I want is one! Just one! It's not that much to ask for...just one and I will be back 
 I literally hate that there are no good nail salons in Blacksburg 
 You're such a bitch sometimes 
 I was taking a nice peaceful shower until my water turned ice cold 
 Damm... Didn't win the golden egg!! :( I thought I did cuz I have found a golden egg but it wasn't THE golden egg!!! :( 
 CHEW YOUR GUM WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED HOLY FUCK. 
 RT : I can never remember where I park 
 Wtf every time I'm falling asleep everyone texts me&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 WHY WON'T THE DOG COME IN? 
 Love getting home to see my shit missing. Can't stand when people touch my stuff without asking. I usually say yes so why steal? 
 Don't know what's wrong with you but it's not helping my situation at all.   
 Tooo hottt   
 My dad would leave me at the school. 
 I just wanna smoke fat ass blunt and ill be Gucci, somebody please smoke me out whenever I get off, I seriously need it! 😤
 RT : How the he'll dies awkward come on before teen wolf that shows gay 
 Everyone is being so annoying today! 
 Don't call me durin work hours cuz I have my hands full, fuk that how's ur day going shit. Just call only when it's an emergency#annoyed
 Ive been dieting and doing insanity for over month and have yet to lose a single pound. The fuck? 
 Smu dryers have two settings, wet or soaked! 
 Bitch is getting me all heated and shit ✋ 
 it is absolutely ridiculous how fake all of my friends are 
 RT : If you want to talk more, maybe you should text me back 
 don't ever take things for granted. 
 Neex some fucking flat irons#angry tweet
 No but seriously I just want to play my PSP where are you. 
 ": Why do people suck so much  ". There's an entire industry built around that...
 I need to invest in a heavy duty punching bag  
 And you talk to much. Shut up.[newLine] Leave me alone! I'm trying to be nice to you, but you're making it VERY difficult![newLine] why are you three so mean to me 
 Having nothing to wear&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 y'all are just now getting mad at ? . but compassion in me is thankful that folks are coming around. 
 WHY IS THERE NOTHING ON TV?!?!?!? 
 Internet never works here... 
 3 days left of spring break 😥😥 
 Trumpet 
  mind out of the gutter boy 
 Some people just need to learn to just shut there mouths and walk away. If you're wrong you're wrong, get over it! 
 Im so sick and tired of people's bullcrap 
 SERIOUSLY? Out of all the streets in Del Rio?     
 In need of a hug.[newLine]  🙍
 But why??? :-(": Ewww (/.\) RT : But girls with see through leggings that show their pads though (/_\) "
 Why the fuck did "Directioners" go to Niall's brothers wedding? Disrespectful bunch of twat. 
  short story well this is me and ye I love you and want u to notice me     #10
  short story well this is me and ye I love you and want u to notice me     #11
 some people can't be bothered even if they made commitments. 
 You just piss me off  
 Buff chick dip night with   
 Now what am I going to do tonight 
 Wine. Bath. Sleep. 
 RT : Ill probably end up sticking someone tonight if they annoy me  
 Can my mom not be such a strict fucker when it comes to letting guys come over?? I'm not a whore, mother. -.- 
 BC really knows how to piss people off  
 Not in the mood for forward gestures.[newLine] That feeling you get when you feel like someone doesn't wanna see you :/ 
  i saw it on my news feed like 6 times in a row..... 
 Hey everyone just letting you know my number isn't Miriam's for any confusion on your part.   
 Been left home alone because everyone's going to the pub BUT IM TOO FUCKING YOUNG 
 RT :  &amp; 
  that is absolutely shocking! those little twits should b so ashamed hope ev1s ok!  
 RT : I don't like other girls. OMG I hate jealousy it makes me hate everyone! 😒 
 My iPod would delete everything off of it. Trying to restore it. 
 I think I'm going to go to the dollar store, buy some glass plates and through them against a wall. .
  me too 😔 
 Nothings been ruined...i just wish u could see it the way i do..    
 Why must my mom never let me go anywhere .[newLine] My mom is always fucking late. 
 Split all my water over my fav side of the bed can't sleep anywhere else    
 A     Who  The   
 Not much else could go wrong at work today. 
 I really want to go home  
 RT : Is the cooking channel seriously not working right now :|  
 Woow. 
 All my friends are always too busy with their boyfriends to hangout anymore. 
 One of these days, I'm gunna stop trying to understand, and you'll kick yourself in the ass...
  no Sunday service :( 
 Honestly your annoying the fuck out of me. 
 already ready to get rid of this new dog -_- 
  af.
 People who don't show up when &amp; where they say they will &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 This kid is so annoying! 😡 
 Worst mood because my SAT score isn't even as good as what my ones from my classes were... 😩😤 
 I'm tired of this day.   
 I will NOT apologize for having friends I enjoy spending time with and am so sick of the same bullshit all the time!  
 That just ruined my day 
 Chillin    
 Literally nothing I do is just left alone💆💆 
 I'm literally going to punch my computer in the ovaries 
 Wtf is he doing 
 Had to have been wiping their asses with my interior for 4 days,how the hell they get nothing accomplished but a paint job on my car#annoyed
 ,   lite off
 Isaac we will get there when we get there till then shut the fuck up. 
 My mom won't let me wear my beige spandex (riding pants) to crew anymore   
 Make ur own Angry Birds! RED   Push Mold Food Safe  $$$toSurvive      
 RT : I don't understand why you can't talk to me anymore. I see you avoiding me...  
 😒😒😒 
 Robert left me :c 
  will u ever notice me ?? I'm beginning to believe u wont ugh      follow us please
 Where can I sign up for a less annoying family? 
 White trash, white trash, every where I look. You're all my age. Why can't you act like normal human beings. 
  it's just been one of those days.   
 Can I get transported back to school?  
 Shame I'm working Friday, Sunday, Monday    
  x
 Driving😡  
 Bloody great isn't it when your not allowed to say what you think in your house. This house is NOT a democracy  [newLine] Just everyone leave me alone.   😣
 I never knew Keith Lemon's name isn't Keith Lemon 
 My heart is broken, Mr. .     
 Feeling discouraged. 
 Traffic makes me rage. It makes me more mad when ppl dont listen and get on the 401 anyways.  
 holy slow ass traffic. not like I have to be anywhere at 530. 
 The more annoyed I get the more I drink  n 
 if you really want something, you don't make excuses not to do it 
 I am the definition of  right now  How did a few drinks turn into domestic abuse?!
  Just bring your dollar Tuesday 
 Its just a 'high school' project, you're supposed to be our mentor meaning to guide us not screw us over.  
 It really irritates me that you can't do anything without your fucking boyfriend right by your side. 
 Discovered what  was tonight....     :)
 I strongly dislike  and I'm getting irritated with   
 My rooms like an ice cube❄   
 RT : Yes, it pisses me off and I'm going to comment about it. 
 There is nothing to make 
 RT : i didn't even have a spring break 
 Never leaving school around 3:30 ever again.   
 When a woman says "about 5 minutes" be prepared to wait an hour. 
 Ugly ass rat 
 About to just go to sleep    
 You're starting to really piss me off. 
 holy god I can't wait for grad, one class ruins everything.  
 When people assume I'm Mexican or Indian[newLine] Expectation is the root of all disappointment. 
 Lol. Wow y'all didn't even like eachother a few months ago... 
 Just walked to the store with Tyler, chad, and my dad. [newLine]    walk
 So tired of the same shit happing day after day 
 All I know is I want to get drunk tonight but I haven't found somewhere to drink yet 
 I'm just gonna hibernate all weekend. 
 Get the fuck out of my face talking all this bullshit. Your annoying af.[newLine] $30 for a parking ticket? Really Pittsburgh, how're you bout to play me like that 
 If this white girl doesn't stop crying I'm gonna deck her ass! 
 I hate mrs. Ferguson so much I do not like I FUCKING HATE HER!!!!!!!!!![newLine] It's really not that hard to answer your damn phone.  ✋😒
 I can never remember where I park 
 Didnt see no nigga girls 
  it didn't work://    
 What am I like 2? 
 Sometimes I just feel like I'm forgotten 😔
 This break could not have come at a better time.   
 RT : Hate being led on... 
 My fucking implant is pulsating pain. Not a big fan.  
 My lights are not working for the dress rehearsal of the Living Crucifixion. Please pray! 
 Yes because everything is always my fault she can never do anything wrong 
 Why do no stores in Cleveland have good shoes right now? 
 Amazing how much someone can get right under your skin! 
 Don't ask me to do something and say that you'll take me somewhere if I do it, then not take me. 
 Almost a half hour into class, and we didnt start yet.  😒
 I love when I pay $15 for the wifi not to work.  😡
 All Facebook is anymore is politics 
 One of my new studio monitors doesn't work. Thanks Musician's Friend...   
 When did it become okay to invite yourself to things &amp; invite a date? 
 My parents just said they used the money for my Prom dress to buy my Dad unneeded suits!!! 😧😡😭 
 So hard finding a awesome sweet 16 dress 
 Hopefully wake up in a better mood tomorrow.   
 my parents drive me fucking crazy, glad they treat me like I'm 5 when they are here, questioning my every move 
  I wanted to retweet this but it didnt let me . Glad I found my 
 just because you have a company vehicle... doesn't mean you should be allowes to park in the middle of the backlane.  
 Hey.. shut up, no one really cares.  
   
 I hate my father so much it even angers me to call him father. Its suprising how much hatred towards him my heart can hold 
 Whyyyyy is my twitter app always messed up?! 
 RT : If I wasn't doing health and social care I would actually kick the shit out of someone.😊 
 Selfish people seriously get on my last nerve!  
 RT : Haven't been this angry in along time!!  
 I don't understand why you can't talk to me anymore. I see you avoiding me...  
 my day has already been ruined so imaa just lay here &amp; listen to music all day. 
  fuckin' right.  
 RT : How are we supposed to get a job when basically every reputable company has their entry level jobs requiring 2 years  ...
 I could be such a bitch right now. You should be lucky I'm not. 
 Wishing you could tell somone something, but knowing theyre not gonna care &lt;&lt; 
 RT : Love how you don't tell me shit anymore  &amp; yes by you.
 not in a good mood.  
 I just want to disappear forever   
 Every little thing is pissing me off .. [newLine] I only hope that  is sitting down because this game could be hard to watch. ?
  and I wish I was there ! Xx
 Some people fucking annoy me!    
 My mom needs to realize that I'm not going to grow up to be her... So stop making me do everything you did  
 I hate traffic.  
 Just wanna crawl under a rock and stay there  
 RT : The fact that  wasn't in school today &lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] ": I have no life today, and that makes me sad.      "
 I just want to be able to go to a gym, instead of using these little home weights I have. 
 It's always wrong time, right person or right time, wrong person. But never right time, right person.    
 No mom. i do not want to come home tomorrow night. Its friday.  .
 This is music    again 
 I will not subtweet. I will not subtweet. 
 You guys have been talking on twitter for the past 3 days.   
 The first album I ever burned. Had to dig this up today.     
 RT : Buff chick dip night with   
  They had cap space and draft picks to play with after the Staal trade, which seemed to work out? 😝  BruinsFan
 who do you talk to you when you feel like no one will understand?  . . 
 Good night All ! See you later guys !         … 
 FSN get your act together I would like to watch my boyfriend's game.  
 Thank you subway artist for not being an artist at all and for putting all of my veggies in the middle of my sandwich 
 Really unimpressed with  service these days. Have had to have replacements sent way too often. Think I may cancel 
 Someone get me out of this house 
 Skype needs to work[newLine] My mom asks so many questions it's annoying!😡👊[newLine] I feel like I go to school in Clifton again with how many extra people are on campus and how crazy parking is 
 RT : Why is no one answering their freaking phone today.[newLine] In the need of a really good bloody rant!! 
 Not sure I want to live on this planet!   
 Professor just chewed me out bc i missed the make up test date... Dude I had to  
 My autocorrect doesn't even k ow me anymore ): 
 you have liked 45 of my pictures on Instagram. Please stop! 
 RT : The worst part about sunburn is when your skin peels after   
 What did I do? I'm going crazy, why won't you text me or answer my msgs. Ughhhh very 
 Uhh can you not talk? 
 Why don't you flirt a little more. 
 I HATE writing research papers  
 Merrr such a pain in the arse   
 I really wish my mom would come home so I dont have to watch my sisters anymore.  
 And wonder if its to late to change things.      
 of course...😒 
 RT : I HATE writing research papers  
 RT : Wodke Hawkinson  on :       
 its like your asking to get bitched at.. if your gonna do it at least try and hide it idiot.. 
 RT : Why does everybody always feel the need to mock every damn thing that I do.  
 RT : If only...  
 This weather has me in a nasty mood.[newLine] I installed  Birds HD# via vShare. One click install vShare on  
 People are really lucky that I fall asleep angry and wake up having forgotten I was angry when I fell asleep.   
 It took me three years to figure out your no good for me.... &lt;&lt;  
 It doesn't take much 
  if i was put in the ring with you, you wouldn't even no what fucking hit you son. So i suggest that you pipe down bro! 
 Patrick wrote over my art    
 I could've stayed longer my stupid scale is at a 10 right now 
 Long day at work. Then my backpack breaks..and now my check engine light comes on 
 Of course my step dads gonna play loud music while im trying to learn something on guitar. FUCK YOUUUUUU   
 Went shopping yesterday. Bought a new piece of jewelry and don't remember where the he'll I put it.    
 I am not a shift-covering service, and more to the point, who the fuck even are you anyway!? Outrageous request at an outrageous time 
 I very much dislike when my clients don't answer my phone calls!  It's im-po-tant! 
 That moment when your pineapple slice slips to the bottom of the grill. 
 No going to spring trip. . . .another trip where I have to listen to everyone talk about how great it was.....[newLine]    -.-
  status update: my husband still in shower.  
 RT : y'all are just now getting mad at ? . but compassion in me is thankful that folks are coming around.  ...
 What a great day.   
 Holyshittt every little fuggin thing is getting on my nerves whoa 
 once again ...  lmaao it's like a daily routine with me
 and you wonder why I don't like you, just leave me alone please 😒😠   
 Cannot find a white chocolate bunny anywhere  
 Day went from decent, to bad, to good, to horrible.   
 You changed your twitter dp!   friendship card revoked
 REALLY hoping  doesnt fall victim to the  bug tonight
 When my dad hits the strict parent switch&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 Gaw, people get on my nerves. 
  oh she sucks something alright   
 Fucking level on candy crush getting on my nerves!!  
 Really? I mean come on, I'm married. Leave me alone. 😠  
  Overland Park man sentenced for sexual battery:  Glad to get this pedophile out of my neighborhood! 
 Wodke Hawkinson  on :       
 My mom seriosuly needs to get off her fucking period. Shes yelling at everyone and everything. Omfg i wanna slap her.  
 All I want is to see the boys in Miami on my bday :( im only 2 hours away too Ugh  
 The next person that calls my damn name is getting cussed at I don't fucking care.  .
 Arizona beats OSU to tonight.   
 To whoever went through MY bag at work and stole MY belongings, you deserve the worst  
 I literally have no contacts in my phone..smh [newLine] Clothes shopping for my little cousin and my grandma don't want her to wear nothing! 
 everyone just needs to drop it 
 So much pain! Feels like someone has stabbed a knife through my shoulder. Plus our Internet keeps dropping out. 
 I had clear skin yesterday.. What happened?? 
    ! !
 I'm so done with you. 
 Its physically impossible to talk to a wall. I've tryed all day. 😒 
 I feel like my b**** level is turned on extremely high right now   
 Guys can be so stupid sometimes!!!   
 I would forget all my research at school...  
 STOP TRYING TO TALK TO ME 
 My Flow Today (: #pearls#hearscraf#angry#bird 
 I need to remember not to get dinner at marketplace now....it takes them a half hour to make my food! 
 Why does my phone keep vibrating for no reason? 
 No one cares about your stupid tweets. No one favorites them or retweets them.get the memo 
 Internet is pissing me the fuck off. I wanna throw this router at someone. 
 Having to clock in super early cause were short &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Why is it that you hit every fucking red light when you're in a hurry? 
 Fucken annoying ass people who tell u there entire life when no one fucken asked  just got here nooooooo!!!
 I just cannot understand how some people can be so lazy and irresponsible with certain things that aren't that hard in all reality. 
 Hate being led on... 
 So ready to get this practice over with.   
   sure did  
 No sports  
 Don't know what the heck happened at golf today! 
 It's pretty pathetic watching someone change everything about themselves just to keep up  
 Bank holiday weekend is a pile of wank!! 
 No ones ever down for tiger when I am  
 I walked in Verizon at 12:30.... 5 hours later my phone is working again. 😡  
 Still can't believe how my tv broke :( 
 Dass cooo. 
  no. I hate this project and I'm so bitter about it that I'm not even going to try.   hahahaha
 If you're still dating that low life piece of shit, then I've lost so much respect for you it's unbelievable. 
 Real fuckin 
 Omggggg 😡 [newLine] You don't lie about having "10% chance" of living, when theirs people out there that suffer with life threatening situations  
 You really need to be punched in the face. With a hammer.  
  how u do it mrs only 132 words gained today  lol x
 Just when you think being a stressed out student is even to ruin your day there's everyone else to make it worse ... 
 I am a little too skilled at losing cell phones   
 I fucking hate inconsiderate people like shut your fucking mouth a little I'm still sleeping!!!!!! Argh  
 RT : Like why did our game have to get defaulted ? 
 Stop talking about your glory days in high school sports. They're done and over with. You're about to graduate from college.  
 I'm just, I don't know at this point. 
 Someone save me 
 What the hell league!!! 2 hour wait time!!! Fuck this!!!!! 
 Wtf why isn't my phone working? 
 Don't fuckin say you're gonna so something then don't! 
 To the crazy lady in Tasty Time just pay for ur yogurt and leave!!! Stop crying about prices! 
 RT : Fucking level on candy crush getting on my nerves!!  
 I need to stop catching people eating boogers from their noses. 
 Having first fight with . Won't let me skip an instrumental only version of D12 Purple Pills. Why does that even exist? 
 Hotel shopping for next month. Premier Inn say rooms start at £29? Lies! 
 Just because I'm gay doesn't mean you can compare me to a fucking woman. I still have a fucking penis. I'm still a fucking man. 
 Everything happens for a reason they say, but Damn sometimes why does shit happen?.....
 RT : You guys have been talking on twitter for the past 3 days.   
 Asda didn't have no fucking vanilla and strawberry water   
  can u stop harassing me byphone bout my prescription?I know I have 2 get a refill,don't need a dozen calls!  
 I cannot stand the smell of fish!   
 God dad really ? You gotta smoke that shit right in front of me ?! 
 People need to learn how to shut up. 
 Get me out of this house   
 There needs to be an emoji for flipping tables! 
 So freeking annoyed idk what I would do if headphones didnt exist   
 You go ahead and keep hittin on those girls some more and see how I feel then... 
 I hate when a baby ruins my plans .
 Today history has been made, Michael Leonard Pitten has recorded his first ever victory over   
 Ughhhh! 😒😒😒     
 “: Holyshittt every little fuggin thing is getting on my nerves whoa ”
 Whew my brothers attitude tonight 😡👊 
 when really they've just read a one sided biased report and they don't think for themselves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gggggrrrrrrrr 
 RT : Lalalalala gonna ignore these stupid people 😅  ✌
 If you're gonna be mad at me at least give me a reasonable explanation. 
 Wish I could figure out how to upload this podcast. 
 Being nice is only crippling me.I'm tired of being walked on over. 
 I find it pathetic when people straight up lie to me and I know the truth...    
 I hate waiting... Fucking hate it...  
 The worst possible mood to fall asleep too.. 
 Just when I thought things were getting better 😞 my boy needs to get here I need cuddles 
 These days I feel like my dad is just a name on my birth certificate  
 This day is beautiful and I'm wasting by being inside practicing my lines!   
 im never happy on a night time haha  
 Just Hit a ladder shot in drone but theater didn't  record it fuck black ops 2  
 I don't have shit to smoke this weed wit. 
 Didn't see that coming   
 Whenever someone puts their turn signal on, I assume they are going to turn. Thanks for almost making me wreck, stranger. 
 Cena perfecta   // my delicious dinner  
 I can't even understand why I did so bad today. How's that even possible? Ughhh 
 Your lucky I love you in person cause I can not stand you in text! 
 Things that piss me off....  
 I miss my boyfriend and my best friend like ugh I'm stuck at the mall with … rug rats who abuse me.  
 I wish I had someone to talk to and they would understand! . 
 Home for 10 mins and Im ready to leave 
 What the hell just happened?!?!  
 If you tweet busted on my timeline I'm unfollowing you 
 Buy one?!RT :  I might not be coming now bc of the LACK of ticket I have now..... 
  short story well this is me and ye I love you and want u to notice me     #122
 Hmmm...y???RT : ,   lite off
 Everybody's a crab in my house 
 Obviously if you want stuff done right maybe you should do it yourself. 
 my mouse always fuking up. 
 i didn't even have a spring break 
 Im not gone tell him he even got a dad rather that than to say he his father ugh 
 Always get told off for calling people cunts it wouldn't be needed of they didn't act like it  
 By him, I meant a opera performance conducted by him, regardless of the cast! 
 Does it really have to be this complicated  
 I can't help but rage that I missed the Biffy Clyro concert in Dublin tonight... 
 ": Ok own up, who's been sending  and others hate about Amanda?" WHAT!?!? 
 I just love it when people are too busy to even talk to me 
 I'm so fucking bored.   
 Sometimes people think I'm being pretentious when I'm literal... No. I'm just more in-depth than you. Get on my level. 
 RT : Shame I'm working Friday, Sunday, Monday    
 RT : Ewww (/.\) RT : But girls with see through leggings that show their pads though (/_\) 
 Reason why I wanna move with my dad numba 1; MY MOM ALWAYS TAKES PONEY'S FUCKING SIDE IN EVERYTHING. 
 Stuck going to this wack a** movie with the fam becauszee I have no friends ...  
 There has been something in my eye all day. I can't handle it much longer. 
 I deleted FakeBook bc it became quite annoying. Now ALL I see on Twitter is follow this person and you'll get 200+ followers.  😳😒
 Ohhhh shut up. 
 Guess I'm done with this...or maybe I just need to give it time idk    
 I officially hate shopping...   
 A big thank you to the asswipe that scratched my car   
  whut 
 Everyone just watch out because imma crazy freak that overreacts.. When some people  actually get what i mean and others don't 
 RT : Talking to you is like talking to a fucking wall.  
 Suddenly i have become erm worse..     ..
  with , ’s  community speaks up @ 
 someone took some adderall before class. shut up stupid bitch in the back of the room. 
 I swear, every ones always ignoring me. .
 the fact my dad is suppose to be getting me medicine &amp; has been gone a freaking hour &amp; a half. 
 Did you really just tell me how to end an email? Because it wasn't your way so any other way is wrong? Get off my nuts! 
 I'm 
 i really hate when ppl think i still have feelings for the person i WAS in a relationship in..I DON'T so just leave me alone 
 Why????? is Sports (basketball) interfering with  show??? !!! 2nd thursday in a row!!!
 Bored as shit.... 
 my parents think I'm kidding when i say i need a want a new phone for my birthday. my phone honestly sucks.  
 RT :      you name it
 I finally marry Yan-yu but he doesnt want to sleep with me. My mother in law gets fustrated but it is all Tyan-Yu's fault. [newLine] Lol I figured that would happen 
 My sister just said the backstreer boys aren't half as good as One Direction.  
 RT : sorry but that's not how you treat your "friend" 
 RT : I hate being stuck in this house with nothing to do.  😠
 Why is it that my phone never works? 
 &gt;&gt;I'm soo pissed off&lt;&lt;  
 Made a decent first save from close range, body weight was back and rocked onto my heels and couldn't make the rebound 
 You make absolute no sense  
 stayin home n sleepin 
 I hate waiting to get my nails done 
 Omg I just woke up. Please stop asking me a 100 questions 
 eurgh hate it when you act off with me for nothing 
 Talking to you is like talking to a fucking wall.  
 Tomorrow gonna hit the gym for like a total of 3 hours. Today I was just tired. 
 Traffic is awful tonight .... It took me 40 mins to get to class instead of 15 mins 😡 
 Will you please just come out already? 
 Fuck.       
 They got  2lose....Stop It....
 no matter what I do, I can't lose weight.  
 I just wanna hang out with you...why is that so hard to do? 
 Everytime i think ive figured something out ,i end up confused , 
 “: Why do I even try to make plans with you when it never works out... ”
 Awww, cousin's turned LOTR off 
 This is not wa I need...  
 This is why I can't stand you, when i say it's nothing that means it's nothing 
 Girl behind me at baseball game; shut the fuck up! No one cares!  
 I'm mad right now  
  o look, baseball game. 
 How does anyone keep these kind of headphones in their fucking ears !!  
 This is gonna get old fast  😒
 I'm so , I want to cry.
 Ughh why is technology against me?! 
 These unruly children need to sit tf down... 
 Sometimes I just want look at certain girls and tell them to F off. 
 i just want to go to the gym already,  
 Why do you have to pay for piano sheet music online, but guitar tabs are all free?!  
 waiting on this damn email has been the death of me... just tell me already!!!!! lol 
 Missing my brothers first track meet has to be the shittiest feeling in the world!    He killed it though!
 Same shit different day.... Guess people can't change 
 I dont know how to function without my car..
 RT : Ohhhh shut up. 
 ugh fuck life  
 Havent the worst time finding this hipbelt applique to finish off this dress  
 It's crazy how you could trust someone so much just to find out they're not who you thought.   
  if you got hate in your heart let it out son!  
 Is it weird that every time my dog farts I have to check to see if he left anything being?  
 Someone went into the back of my car :( My neck is going to ache in the morning !!! 
 Well that just sucked!!! 
 Why is someone always pulling into the ATM in front of me 
 RT : this day can end anytime now!  
 My spring break is officially ruined now 😔 
 Thank yyou for texting me back! Not!!  
 Sweeeeeeeeeeettttttt. 
 Why I try is beyond me.   
 I went tanning , why am I not tan ?! 
 Why do teachers lecture before a midterm  
 Im the only sober one.. 
 Okay I get it. everyones getting in-n-out... STOP!!! 
 The final dagger has been put in me 
 Thanks for ignoring the important part of that message and talking of the first sentence in that whole bloody paragraph  
 Traffic jams&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; ready to be home!!!  
  I was waiting to get on that plane 
 I don't ever seem to get anything done! 
 Biggest pet peeves: repeating myself and when people forget that just because I have diabetes doesn't mean I'm not as equal. 
 Grrrrrr  
  I'm now really rajin     
 Boys are so confusing ._. I wish I could see that guy in the friend zone but i don't know who you are &gt;.&lt;  !
 I can't even go pick up my bass until I finish this shit.. 
 Had  Internet for 2 holidays so far and so far, it's been down for both!  
 I just want to leave my house , I need a car and license right now , I can't wait much longer .  😡
  so when is the government going to take sexual assault AKA rape seriously. &amp;PO'D
 Lets go Syracuse beat Indiana !!    
 Hate being lead on... 
 RT : Today has just turned to shit.  
 Nigga you a DJ, embrace the culture lool RT : I hate clubs with ancient techno!!
 I  feel hated today...😔     
 I sware beau never leaves me alone 
 Can yu tell I'm   cause dey keep      
 I hate clubs with ancient techno!!
 Get extremely drunk tonight so fuck you and the horse you rode in on 
 Aleee 3mltoooooo d...  :|  
 Mouth hurts so bad wtf   
  am livid!!! Left me tan havent a !!! 
 Tried taking a nap to get outta my mood .. but it just made it worse ugh    
 RT : 4 day weekend everyone is bragging about... Just shutup. I got work cus mcds never closes. Ever. 
 Love how you don't tell me shit anymore  &amp; yes by you.
 Was just in the math help room for almost 3 1/2 hours...  
 You just had to get a membership at the same gym as me! 
 The fact that  wasn't in school today &lt;&lt;&lt;[newLine] Marquette with the 
 Love when things go good and family fucks u over again it's not fair and bo my fault I guess I don't deserve to be happy  
 My day&lt;&lt;&lt;     
 If I could punch a wall without breaking my hand I would 
 STOP.  
 I been hurt by a couple nigga's that's why i wake up and think, Fuck Them Nigga's!!  
 Guess what? No one cares. 
 Seriously Emily never told me she had every single Harry Potter movie  
 Better yet, how does that even happen? Your ass can't be that big  
 Well...I can't say I didn't see that coming.   
 On Instagram, I can see that you have blonde hair and brown eyes. I'm pretty sure you don't need to hash tag that shit. 
    the stupid picture won't post...ahh   
 No one understands me. 
 I hate being stuck in this house with nothing to do.  😠
 Since when does friends come before family?[newLine] I hate being to baby in the family! For once I get to have my own freedom but then you go and crush it again.  
 Why didn't he tweet me :'( *goes and crys in the corner alone* 
 Ignoring your girlfriend when she's on her period is probably the worst thing you can do tbh 
  I have a future in line for us... 
 I think they made a mistake naming instagram. It should definitely be called selfiegram 
 Ewww (/.\) RT : But girls with see through leggings that show their pads though (/_\) 
  ...ur...in...Florida...and didn't bring me. How cood u.   (:
 When there's no more lobster &lt;&lt;&lt; [newLine] RT : I wanna have fun tonight.  
 RT : When my dad hits the strict parent switch&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 RT : People these days, I swear..  
 Seriously considering chopping my hair off. 
 4 day weekend everyone is bragging about... Just shutup. I got work cus mcds never closes. Ever. 
 Why the fuck do you keep popping up in my life no matter what I do.   
 Today is just not my day for college decisions  
 RT : CHEW YOUR GUM WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED HOLY FUCK. 
 Already tired of what you have to say.  
 I fucking lose everything 
 When your ochem prof keeps changing review times &lt; 
 the nerve of some people i honestly CANN NOT stand you! 
 Keveon went to Belmont for 2 days &amp; came back rude as fuk! He better recognize his location before I punch his lights out! 
 Open my room door to see that my brother has taken over my room,stinky socks, posters of cars &amp; rubbish     😡
 I love my family, but sometimes they ~Michael~ annoy me!! 
 Hate when there is this many people here...every time I go to check if I can lunge my horse...I can't .
 So tiered of the same shit every day..[newLine] It'd be GREAT if you'd text me back.[newLine] Slag ma dawgz off and I'll get you 👊😒    
 Call me crazy but I don't look for backstabbing drama queen qualities in my best friends.      
 My  doesn't like to be violated        … 
 “: Lol. Wow y'all didn't even like eachother a few months ago... ”
 My second favorite race is about to be run and I'm not in it [newLine] RT : People who don't show up when &amp; where they say they will &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  
 Where's my medal for not killing anyone today?   
 I want you every minute of every hour of every day. I just wished you wanted me just any second of any day. 
 My doctors appointment was supposed to start 20 minutes ago and im still in the waiting room. 
 When my girlfriends goes bowling with three other guys on her vacation... What 👏the 👏fuck👏 
 If your going out to eat with Trevor prepare for a scene. 
 Hey remember how much it bugs you when i dont reply !!? Funny then why dont you reply when i message you ?  
 You really get on my nerves 
 Angry Bird Cookies         … 
 I should seriously go to bed more earlier cant even wake up in the morning 
 spending the night on my couch, exactly how I wanted my weekend to start. 
 Arizona beats OSU tonight.   
 my parents ALWAYS make me go out to eat with them and take forever when I have plans 
 Maybe being too thorough in gathering the information to prove an individual wrong, but that's what happens when you take the piss 
 I'm so tired of the games- aren't you tired of playing them? 
 People in airports are so rude #😡 
 Sinatra lifestyle I'm just being Frank with ya ... . We  
 Don't tell me yes then tell me no.  
 Wtf. If you don't talk to me I won't talk. 
  it wasn't domestic abuse. I accidentally threw a fag packet at you.  
 Just Eating apples then lil sis just came 4rm nowhere saying Apples makes ur hair fall off. She just likes bad news #
 am i really that hungry   
 SOUR PATCH KIDS THO&gt;&gt;         … 
 Bout to throw my computer out the window trying to get this damn paper done!!  
 Why do people suck so much  
 Get up to use the bathroom and come back to find my seat taken...  
 Phones out of stock so I have to wait even longer 
 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Having to follow someone else schedule but... they don't have a schedule. None at all [newLine] I REALLY hate chipped nail polish!  
 Never go through your loved ones' internet history.  
 This is super annoying get   😡
 Why is no one answering their freaking phone today.[newLine] If your sending me texts with that kinda attitude no I'm not gonna text you back  
 RT : Why would you lie about something so stupid? 
 plans changed wont be meeting the wonderful  or attending the rock out to autism event.😫 
 have serious OCD for the wee rubber things underneath my laptop that stop it from slipping and my sister ripped them!  😱
 Grr.. Trying to do homework but the computer is so slow ):  
  at myself and people
 But girls with see through leggings that show their pads though (/_\) 
 Why can people just leave alone  
 Nick ur so fucking unless and a waste of money!      
 Fantastic start to my bank holiday.. Been in bed since 7 and I'm bored out my mind!! 😒   
 Stick with your plans booboo. 
 Traffic thank you for ruining my plans  😠
 RT : I only have so much patience to put up with a snobby grandma. 
 the fact that i went to school, work, physic therapy and am now going back to work pisses me off    
 If you are sitting at the same table as someone there is no reason so scream at each other   
 my whatsapp trippin dog, 
 Omg you're so funny  
 Right before my birthday 😢  
 Every Thursday I'm late for my mjc class, and it's always my dads fault. 
 rrggh late na ko ngcng. tsk ayun na award kc dpat dw 4 plang pra d mainit. grabe tlaga tong babae na to. hmmp#upset#goodfridayfellas
 this girl needs to stop posting pics of her and austin! we get it already 
 My parents fight so much. All they ever do is scream at each other. [newLine]  haha I have given up on any news channel... 
 RT : In Huron County, there is no such thing as a "secret" 
 Why does everybody always feel the need to mock every damn thing that I do.  
 I don't think you get the point 
 I'm not even gonna bother trying to get more followers now coz all they ever do is unfollow 
 You have got to be kidding me 
 I wish my Twitter would tweet pictures. 
 I don't know what to do anymore. 
 I hate when people feel the need to stand in the middle of the entrance, exit or hallway. Get the fuck out of the way! 
  the more i think abt everything
  who's your teacher... Nothing will beat the day kasey and Abby decided it was a good idea to steal my keys b4 college algebra 
 Why Ariana why would you do this to your poor mother you're going to send me to an early grave do you want me to die you act like it 
 Bubbled the money all-in pre w/ A10os &amp; BB calls off getting just the right price.4d7d gets there on R after I bink top pair=flop.
 Feeling emotional for no apparent reason.    
 That moment when your parents say ' no ' to something you have planned and were excited about.   
 Technology is failing me today! 
 If the people in scary movies listened to me the would live so much longer.   
 RT : Lol. Wow y'all didn't even like eachother a few months ago... 
 2400 on my SAT. I guess that's okay for my first try. 😭😭😭  
 Max and Ruby and Dino Dan are my least favorite kid shows Luke and Liam love!!  
 Allow the bank holiday weekend! Clothes I ordered are not gonna come until Tuesday now 
 18 years of practice. You would think I could ride some what descent. 
 Don't tell me you're going to help me with something and then completely ditch me  and not even text me back  
 Haven't finish editing my YouTube video my lap top charger broke!   I am staying behind with them videos
 Lehgo Marquette!!!  
 So fucking pointless. 
 Really need my hair like this again! It just won't go😠  
 I absolutely love moving.    
 Just wasted an hour of my life   😡
    ....
 I really wanna play tennis :c  
 Don't know what to think...  
 Like why did our game have to get defaulted ? 
 If I ask you a question and you're all sorts of fucking retarded about it, just nevermind.  
 You're kinda pissing me off today ..... [newLine] This chick 
 You get to pay $25 per person for yall and the Thais but we get to sit here and  eat "what's in the pantry" aka NOTHING! 
 The mirrors in this hotel room suck! I can't see what the hell I'm doing with my face 
 LOL what will i do without you? :(        
 EVERYTIME I cross the border I pick the shortest lane and I end up waiting longer than everyone.  its making me late for poker
 RT : Why the fuck did "Directioners" go to Niall's brothers wedding? Disrespectful bunch of twat. 
 Definitely not answering my phone later! !!!!
 Today just sucks. I just want to go home and sleep 
 I wanna have fun tonight.  
 I'm going stir crazy   
 Syracuse Vs. Indiana...  
 All this social media shit makes me want to delete EVERY account I have affiliated with &amp; just crawl into my bed &amp; sleep forever 
 Im really about to take my moms phone and smash it if she doesnt turn off her gay music. 
 cant write anything on facebook these days, within mins my family is informed about it thousands of miles away, fuck you for grassing 
 I can't believe this.. I'm trying so hard &amp; you don't even care  
 Can't wait to go home and be with family ok Sunday.     
 These people in Mexican are being so rude. They're so loud I can't even hear myself talk to my parents. 
 lol at people who are so obsessed with the "country life" yet refuse to get mud on their vehicles. go home ya yuppie. 
 Lets go Marquette!! #flyeagles
 I've been wating for 2 hours at the clinic for my mum and she's still not out 
   hazel you absolute fecker, didn't know we were missing you till mary cummins got named centre forward! 
 Some people really   
 God damn it I cant take it anymoree 
 What a day..  
 How did I know this would happen?  :(
 Sick and tired  
 Syracuse will win tonight #cuse
 Very disappointed in  Elliot's article in ; unbalanced &amp; inaccurate opinion piece.Not the way to raise awareness. 
 OMG#FRUSTRATED!!!!!
 What  will happen tonight in the ?  Ohio State? 
 after the day I've had, I cannot wait to go to sleep  
 When people chew like pigs&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; GTFO 
 RT : Every little thing is pissing me off .. [newLine] “: Real fuckin ”
 I love how certain people who were jerks and didn't care In high school, now suddenly care abt everything. Shut up, snobby beyotch. 
 The exact reason why I would rather drive. I can't stand people's driving.... 
 Is there ANYWHERE I can go where you won't follow me and start talking to me? I'm ignoring you for a reason 
 Cowplain Kebab house let us down today - two hours for a delivery is devastating. 
 RT :  if you got hate in your heart let it out son!  
 Would you quit texting me already? 
  ME TOO!!!!  
 When you text people and they dont text back.   
 I always miss the follow sprees!    
 Just tell me yes or no. Gosh. 
 K mom you can be quit now  
 Don't apologize if you're still going to do the same things you were sorry for 
 Well if wasn't sunny i would definitely be pissed that you're my "friend" yet you never ask me to do anything.  
 I'm gonna be lost without you#upset
 How can adults act so childish and pathetic 
 OH MI GOSH. If you keep kicking my chair I might break your leg. 
 RT : About to just go to sleep    
 You irritate me sooooo much😡[newLine] Ugh I hate it when I like someone.. Im trying to get over you but it's so hard. I wish you'd forgive me.    :/
 watching a million little kids at work tonight reminded me why im never having kids 
 I've been in a terrible mood all day 
 RT : When I try to get  I get less sales and get . When I come in to serve people, being  to them,  ...
 I am ready to vomit. 
 I have a low tolerance for people today   
 RT : Slag ma dawgz off and I'll get you 👊😒    
 No no it's cool I didn't wanna be included in the convo anyways 
 !    
 RT : Im so sick of people with this "holier than thou" attitude.... please shut up!!! 
 Seriously, this AT&amp;T guy just tried to sell me cable for 30 minutes! I said no probably three times and he kept going. 
 Why must everyone ask me how I am coping? Yes my best friend died I get it, now please leave me alone about it!  
 i hate people that dont know how to drive!! 
 Really ps3 really 
 I'm cranky without newsnight! Why the heck are the  BBC reporters on strike; I pay my tv licence.  
 Pissed off, this weekend is off to a bad start and I don't see it getting much better. 
 Fuck this 
 I deleted Facebook because it became quite stupid. NOW all I see on Twitter if follow this person and you'll get 100+ followers. 😳
 There goes our quiet breakfast out the front 
 This is soooooo not how I wanted to start my spring break.  
 Shit is getting fucking old 
 You wonder why I don't tell you stuff mom is cause your a freaking negative nancy!!!!  
 Would Love To Be Doing Uni Work Right Now But I Cant Because My Computer Is Deciding To Go Mental!!! !!
 Danielle is annoying   kidding
 the new hotmail layout, or should i call it outlook, can go eff itself. IT MAKES NO SENSE 
 Welp...that was fun while it lasted. I hope you respect me enough to at least talk to me about it.  
 No one should have to die because they don't have the money to afford the healthcare they need.  
 Going on two years waiting. Sadly this is nothing new    
 CAN MY MOM BE ANY MORE ADDICTED TO PLAYING BINGO BLITZ OR FUCKING CANDY CRUSH. 
 Can't even understand myself when I talk   
 If iv not killed someone by tonight, please be aware iv probs killed meself  
 When you wait at Burgerking for 10 minutes for a cheeseburger is if still considered fast food??   
 A blunt to ease the silence  
 There's a surprise  
 you make me so nervous. why can't you just behave for like 5 seconds. .
 RT : Tired of being everyone's second choice. 
 This pug won't leave me alone!  
 I question daily why I have a twitter anymore 
 RT : This weather has me in a nasty mood.[newLine] Why is trust such a hard concept for some people? 
 RT : Of course my step dads gonna play loud music while im trying to learn something on guitar. FUCK YOUUUUUU   ...
 With CIME,           
 “:  Damn Laim Gallagher is a big loser like u!” Seriously some people need to sort themselves out. 
 Lets go    
 Ugh annoys me the way people just start acting like pricks for no reason!? Ok wanna act like that let me give you a reason so! 
 I only have so much patience to put up with a snobby grandma. 
 ¡Y NO ME DEJA SEGUIR A NADIE! [newLine] My mom ruins everything😠 
 Crying...   
 RT : lfnvfsvfbvfb -.-!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 One of my friends is stuck in a self-pity-party and she's making me really not want to be around her right now 
  is about to take another L tonight !!!           !!
 RT : If the people in scary movies listened to me the would live so much longer.   
 lfnvfsvfbvfb -.-!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 A god, the girl who swelled a microphone is back. 😒 
 Never wanted a night over so much in my life!!!  !!
 RT : It's always wrong time, right person or right time, wrong person. But never right time, right person.    ...
 It's official, I'm hitch hiking home. 👌👍🚘 
 How the fuck is it wrong to hug a friend?! -.- 
 ive done literally fucking nothing all day.  
 Some musicians get on my nerves a little...I ain't tryn to be funny either 
 St. Cloud stop lights suck!!!  
 ": Fuck this "
 Why does my Cinema professor choose the most graphic movies to show??? 
 I dont get why they still treat me like i suck. 
      you name it
 I've been through 1000 chargers for this iPhone!   😡
 Watching a TV series online then hitting an episode where none of the links work 
 Fuck thia shower curtain rod thingy  
 dont tell me to come to your open house when you haven't accepted me yet  
 When you miss    so much it hurts. &lt;&lt;     😩😢
 stuff like this always has to happen when i'm home 
 How the he'll dies awkward come on before teen wolf that shows gay 
 - Uqh I Wanna Go Back To Jailll We Had Funnie Convos &amp; I Was Free Fromm D Bs[newLine] Wish date night actually meant something  
 Just leave me alone and let me move on in my life. 
 Why do this to me? Do you not see the position i get put in   
 This renovating idea is rly annoying me like we had all march break to renovate y must my dad choose now!   😡
 I don't know why I do this to myself...  😞
 Hamstring is knackered... Hope it's not season over   
 I'm so helpless. I can't even go to Walmart by myself 
 Just caught myself singing a Rhianna song   
 RT :   sure did  
 daddys going to shit in your face in about to seconds.  
 Parents are so annoying 
 Yes i get it xbox, you hate me.now start working before i throw you against the fricken wall!  
 my dad says everyday that we will go to lifetime and get a memebership but never moves from the couch 
 missed this kid      
 Sooooo tired. Not sure I can handle this kind of excitement on a regular basis :S  
 Oh and then of course the class I was in a hurry to get to is cancelled for the night. 
 Depression has become my obsession ..but its not my decision   
 So my brother isn't hungry enough to go eat a meal but he gets a large ice cream. 
 RT : I always miss the follow sprees!    
 RT : All I know is I want to get drunk tonight but I haven't found somewhere to drink yet 
 Don't you hate it when people don't reply 😡😡😡😡😡  
 being yelled at" ... where are the parents? 
  Smh You Need Too -_- . 
 Wish I was out getting drunk tonight  😡
 RT : Hey everyone just letting you know my number isn't Miriam's for any confusion on your part.    ...
 "And all you're ever gonna be is mean."  
 I don't mean to hear your phone conversation lady but you talk so loud like you have a microphone 
 When I try to get  I get less sales and get . When I come in to serve people, being  to them,  come.
Darrell W
 the nerve of some people i honestly CANNOT stand you  
 Omfg bye... 
  😒😓
 I get irritated when people say or even tweet stupid shit smh 
 Lalalalala gonna ignore these stupid people 😅  ✌
 What a bizzarre night again, no one to talk to!!       
 Here Playing  birds
 Marquette's bout to get this W tonight 
 ? ? Research suggests that spending a few mins playing with an  will actually decrease  levels.  
 Can I please punch someone in the face ? I promise it won't hurt.   
 Some drivers absolutely suck....what makes you so important? 
 Wake me up from a nap and u won't find your tits anymore   
 Friends are overrated 
 Normally I am a big fan of Verizon, but the repair guy is almost 2 hours late. 
 i ask my sister to do one thing and she won't even do it 
 Why do you always want it your way? 
 This STAAR test is 1 day away I'm nervous determined all this mixed emotions just not right it came by so fast   :/
 No Plymouth for me in bed, alone and bored 
 Those people who are inconsistant.  
 😡😡😡😡😡😡      . 
 RT : I'm tired of this day.   
 #on#the#ground#bored#like#a#potato#annoyed#with#a#certain#person#lol 
 I hate ignorant people. 
 RT : just realized high school changes everyone, even those you've known since the day you were born.. such a shame. 
 Have a good feeling about this cuse game tonight 
 Stupid traffic... 
 What is the point I give up  
 Don't say you wanna hangout then ignore me and blow me off for someone else 
 The radio ruins some songs. 
 just realized high school changes everyone, even those you've known since the day you were born.. such a shame. 
 Attack of the teddy bear         
 Sick of moaners moaning.  
